2024-03-28
Ukraine-Russia War News
Ukraine-Russia War News
==========
https://urwar2024.github.io/
https://ciangcing14.github.io/
==========
Russian army attacked Nikopol district today with artillery and UAVs
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-russian-army-attacked-nikopol-district-today-with

Russian air defense shot down 2 drones over Belgorod region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-russian-air-defense-shot-down-2-drones-over-belgorod

March 27. This day in history
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/27-bereznya-czej-den-v-istoriyi-5/

Ukrainian military had 50 combat engagements with Russian forces near Bilohorivka of Luhansk region, Terny, Yampolivka, and n...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-ukrainian-military-had-50-combat-engagements-with

JSC Novopavlovka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Paraskovivka, Konstantinovka of Donetsk Region. ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-novopavlivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-krasnohorivka

At Kherson direction Russian army shelled Solonchaky, Ivanivka and Tyahynka of Kherson region, - General Staff of Armed Force...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-kherson-direction-russian-army-shelled-solonchaky

At Bakhmut direction Russian army shelled Bohdanivka, Kalynivka, Klischiyivka of Donetsk region. Russian aviation conducted a...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-bakhmut-direction-russian-army-shelled-bohdanivka

At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Bilohorivka of Luhansk region, Terny¸ Yampolivka and Spirne of Donetsk region, - Gene...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-lyman-direction-russian-army-shelled-bilohorivka

At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Synkivka, Stepova Novoselivka, Kotlyarivka of Kharkiv region. Russian aviation con...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-kupiansk-direction-russian-army-shelled-synkivka

At Orikhiv direction Russian army shelled Chervone, Bilohirya, Scherbaky and Pyatykhatky of Zaporizhzhia region. Russian avia...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-orikhiv-direction-russian-army-shelled-chervone

JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina Directions Rusyan Army Shelled Popivka, Iskskivschyna, Bilopillya, Great Pisarivka of ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-sivershchyna-and-slobozhanschyna-directions-russian

Our patient with a triple amputation independently made repair at home - Major of Medical Service Olga Shcheglyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/nash-pacziyent-z-potrijnoyu-amputacziyeyu-samostijno-robyv-remont-vdoma-major-medychnoyi-sluzhby-olga-shheglyuk/

26 attacks were reflected in the Novopavlovsky direction, 67 municipalities took place on the front in the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/na-novopavlivskomu-napryamku-vidbyto-26-atak-zagalom-na-fronti-vidbulosya-67-boyezitknen/

The Armed Forces defeated the air defense agent and the composition of enemy ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/zsu-rozgromyly-zasib-ppo-ta-sklad-boyeprypasiv-protyvnyka/

The Swedish Government Delegation visited the Kiev Hospital of War Veterans
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/shvedska-uryadova-delegacziya-vidvidala-kyyivskyj-gospital-veteraniv-vijny/

The enemy per day made 386 strokes in the Zaporozhye region, there is a destruction of housing and infrastructure
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/vorog-za-dobu-zavdav-386-udariv-po-zaporizkij-oblasti-ye-rujnuvannya-zhytla-ta-infrastruktury/

On a contract for the Armed Forces: What documents should be prepared in advance for the CCC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/na-kontrakt-do-zsu-yaki-dokumenty-slid-zavchasno-pidgotuvaty-dlya-tczk/

Ukrainian defenders eliminated over a thousand invaders per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-likviduvaly-ponad-tysyachu-okupantiv-za-dobu/

Russia holds a rocket launcher in the Mediterranean Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/rosiya-trymaye-raketonosij-u-seredzemnomu-mori/

The enemy continues to attack the civilian population of Kherson region: there are wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/vorog-prodovzhuye-atakuvaty-myrne-naselennya-hersonshhyny-ye-poraneni/

UN Report: Russia executed 32 Ukrainian prisoners of war in the winter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/zvit-oon-rosiya-za-zymu-stratyla-32-ukrayinskyh-vijskovopolonenyh/

The defense forces reported the number of Russian "zircon" in Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/u-sylah-oborony-povidomyly-pro-kilkist-rosijskyh-czyrkoniv-u-krymu/

In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-27/

At night our air defense destroyed 10 hostile "Shahmed"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/unochi-nasha-ppo-znyshhyla-10-vorozhyh-shahediv/

Rosarmia fired at Krasnopil and Znob-Novgorod communities of Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/rosarmiya-obstrilyala-krasnopilsku-i-znob-novgorodsku-gromady-sumskoyi-oblasti/

Russian troops attacked Shahheda raisins: a gymnasium was damaged, a security guard was injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/vijska-rf-atakuvaly-izyum-shahedamy-poshkodzheno-gimnaziyu-poraneno-ohoronczya/

Soldiers robbed the picturesque villages of Switzerland to the ground: the traditions of Russian looting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/soldaty-grabuvaly-malovnychi-sela-shvejczariyi-doshhentu-tradycziyi-rosijskogo-maroderstva/

Volodymyr Zelenskyy told about the war with the dominance of "Velikoy Russian Culture"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/volodymyr-zelenskyj-rozpoviv-pro-vijnu-iz-zasyllyam-velikoj-russkoj-kultury/

Special services of the Russian Federation make personal data in families of prisoners of war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/speczsluzhby-rf-vymanyuyut-personalni-dani-u-rodyn-vijskovopolonenyh/

During the day, the Russians attacked 90 settlements of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/protyagom-doby-rosiyany-atakuvaly-90-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny/

During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SES, more than 500 explosive items were disposed of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/uprodovzh-doby-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-500-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/

Joe Biden spoke about the help of Ukraine and called Putin a butcher
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/dzho-bajden-vyslovyvsya-pro-dopomogu-ukrayini-ta-nazvav-putina-myasnykom/

The FSB agent group was detained, which was preparing rocket strikes on the Kiev TV tower and units of the Armed Forces General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/zatrymano-agenturnu-grupu-fsb-yaka-gotuvala-raketni-udary-po-kyyivskij-televezhi-ta-pidrozdilah-genshtabu-zsu/

Russia launched another fake on discrediting the Ukrainian underground
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/rosiya-zapustyla-chergovyj-fejk-z-dyskredytacziyi-ukrayinskogo-pidpillya/

The air force reported ways of killing Russian "zircons"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/u-povitryanyh-sylah-povidomyly-pro-sposoby-zbyttya-rosijskyh-czyrkoniv/

In order to teach our defenders, the Australian military studied Ukrainian
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/dlya-togo-shhob-navchaty-nashyh-zahysnykiv-avstralijski-vijskovi-vyvchaly-ukrayinsku/

2000 dollars - and you in Slovakia: the cross -shutter with a slope was detained on the border
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/2000-dolariv-i-ty-v-slovachchyni-perepravnyka-z-uhylyantom-zatrymaly-na-kordoni/

In Kherson from the morning there are explosions: a crushed office building
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/u-hersoni-vid-ranku-lunayut-vybuhy-roztroshhena-ofisna-budivlya/

Ukraine will receive € 100 million from the Council of Europe Development Bank, funds will be referred to Housing Certificates for UBD
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/ukrayina-otrymaye-e100-mln-vid-banku-rozvytku-rady-yevropy-koshty-spryamuyut-j-na-zhytlovi-sertyfikaty-dlya-ubd/

More than 128,000 military crimes of Russia have been documented in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/v-ukrayini-zadokumentovano-ponad-128-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv-rosiyi/

On the competitive selection "worth starting your own business" received 219 projects from veterans
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/na-konkursnyj-vidbir-varto-pochaty-vlasnu-spravu-nadijshlo-219-proyektiv-vid-veteraniv/

The Ukrainian military destroyed in the south a couple of enemy BUK and MUMU-M complex
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/ukrayinski-vijskovi-znyshhyly-na-pivdni-paru-vorozhyh-zrk-buk-ta-kompleks-murom-m/

In Kherson detained the exceptionant of the Russian torture
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/u-hersoni-zatrymaly-eksohoronczya-rosijskoyi-kativni/

The Defense Agency will buy 3000 Mavic 3E and 1000 Mavic 3 Thermal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/agencziya-oboronnyh-zakupivel-prydbaye-3000-mavic-3e-ta-1000-mavic-3-thermal/

The administrator of the telegram channel has appropriated almost 1 million UAH of contributions for the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/administratorka-telegram-kanalu-pryvlasnyla-majzhe-1-mln-grn-vneskiv-dlya-zsu/

Meli Rukh Active Protection Complex: How Artificial Intellect helps to kill real enemies
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/kompleks-aktyvnogo-zahystu-meyil-ruah-yak-shtuchnyj-intelekt-dopomagaye-vbyvaty-realnyh-vorogiv/

Damage in Belgorod as result of shelling overnight
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-damage-in-belgorod-as-result-of-shelling-overnight

Against the civilian population of the frontal territories of the south, the enemy used 217 FPVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/proty-myrnogo-naselennya-pryfrontovyh-terytorij-pivdnya-vorog-zastosuvav-217-fpv-droniv/

In Khmelnytskyi, a worker of TCC and dentist was exposed, who promised to help the evasion for $ 10,000
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/na-hmelnychchyni-vykryly-praczivnyczyu-tczk-ta-stomatologa-yaki-za-10-tysyach-obiczyaly-dopomogty-uhylyantu/

Russian troops fired Ukrainian in Donetsk region, 29 apartment buildings were damaged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/vijska-rf-obstrilyaly-ukrayinsk-na-donechchyni-poshkodzheno-29-bagatokvartyrnyh-budynkiv/

Military units can now obtain medical practice permit through the portal action
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/vijskovi-chastyny-vidteper-mozhut-otrymaty-dozvil-na-medychnu-praktyku-cherez-portal-diya/

In Odessa, they exposed a trucker who took money from the evasion depending on the amenities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/na-odeshhyni-vykryly-dalekobijnyka-yakyj-brav-z-uhylyantiv-groshi-v-zalezhnosti-vid-zruchnostej/

Drone Accident: The Russian army of scrap was replenished
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/vluchnyj-udar-drona-rosijska-armiya-metalobruhtu-popovnylasya-stancziyeyu-zhytel/

Under the court went a sniper and four more traitors
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/pid-sud-pishov-snajper-i-shhe-chotyry-zradnyky/

In Mikhailivka, a woman was killed as a result of a shock drone attack
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/u-myhajlivczi-zagynula-zhinka-vnaslidok-ataky-udarnogo-drona/

The Ministry of Defense presented innovative decisions to digitrate NATO standards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/minoborony-prezentuvalo-innovaczijni-rishennya-shhodo-czyfrovizacziyi-standartiv-nato/

In NATO compared their military power with Russian in case of direct conflict
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/u-nato-porivnyaly-svoyu-vijskovu-micz-z-rosijskoyu-na-vypadok-pryamogo-konfliktu/

1 person wounded as result of Shahed drone strike in Izium of Kharkiv region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-1-person-wounded-as-result-of-shahed-drone-strike

SHAB-0,5: What is known about the ballrooms that Russians are changing the border areas of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/shoab-05-shho-vidomo-pro-kulkovi-aviabomby-yakymy-rosiyany-minuyut-prykordonni-rajony-ukrayiny/

Ukrainian air defense shot down 10 of 13 Shahed drones
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-ukrainian-air-defense-shot-down-10-of-13-shahed

Poland will double the contribution to the Czech initiative for the purchase of shells for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/polshha-podvoyit-vnesok-u-chesku-inicziatyvu-iz-zakupivli-snaryadiv-dlya-ukrayiny/

Defense forces impressed the enemy command-observer
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/syly-oborony-vrazyly-vorozhyj-komandno-sposterezhnyj-punkt/

He subjected torture and abuse of pro -Ukrainian residents of Kherson region - they will judge a traitor
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/piddavav-torturam-ta-znushhannyam-proukrayinskyh-meshkancziv-hersonshhyny-sudytymut-zradnyka/

The International Register of Damage from War will start accepting applications from April 2
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/mizhnarodnyj-reyestr-zbytkiv-vid-vijny-pochne-pryjmaty-zayavy-z-2-kvitnya/

Near the Moldavian border detained the evasants of 64 thousand euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/bilya-moldavskogo-kordonu-zatrymaly-uhylyantiv-na-64-tysyachi-yevro/

Defense forces showed how seven occupiers became incapacitated from their blows
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/syly-oborony-pokazaly-yak-sim-okupantiv-staly-nediyezdatnymy-vid-yihnih-udariv/

Two Russian military convicted to life imprisonment for execution of four civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/dva-rosijskyh-vijskovyh-otrymaly-dovichne-za-rozstril-chotyroh-czyvilnyh/

In Nikolaev 6 victims as a result of Russian rocket stroke
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/u-mykolayevi-6-postrazhdalyh-vnaslidok-rosijskogo-raketnogo-udaru/

The Russian army attacked Nikopol from artillery: a man was killed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/armiya-rf-atakuvala-nikopol-z-artyleriyi-zagynuv-cholovik/

The state of the rear operator has received the delivery of tactical headphones for the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/derzhavnyj-operator-tylu-otrymav-postavky-taktychnyh-navushnykiv-dlya-zsu/

Russia hit the Kharkiv residential district
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/rosiya-vdaryla-po-zhytlovomu-mikrorajonu-harkova/

The occupiers have been fired at Kherson region again, there are victims
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/okupanty-vchergove-obstrilyaly-hersonshhynu-ye-postrazhdali/

The air defense forces destroyed the Russian winged rocket in Dnipropetrovsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/syly-ppo-znyshhyly-rosijsku-krylatu-raketu-na-dnipropetrovshhyni/

Blow to Kharkiv: one dead, 12 wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/udar-po-harkovu-odyn-zagyblyj-postrazhdav-instytut-hirurgiyi/

The SBU reported suspicion to Russian government officials who used the Berdyansk Port to transfer troops
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/sbu-povidomyla-pro-pidozru-uryadovczyam-rf-yaki-zadiyaly-berdyanskyj-port-dlya-perekydannya-vijsk/

Shelling reported in central part of Kherson
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-shelling-reported-in-central-part-of-kherson

Illarion Pavliuk called the Russian calculations on the third Maidan absolutely groundless
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/illarion-pavlyuk-nazvav-absolyutno-bezpidstavnymy-rosijski-rozrahunky-na-tretij-majdan/

President in Sumy region visited the wounded soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/prezydent-na-sumshhyni-vidvidav-poranenyh-voyiniv/

The enemy for the first time in two years hit Kharkiv aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/vorog-vpershe-vdaryv-po-harkovu-aviabomboyu/

Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the TRI brigade in Sumy and checked the construction of fortifications
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidvidav-na-sumshhyni-roztashuvannya-brygady-tro/

Cyril Budanov called Telegram a problem for national security
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/kyrylo-budanov-nazvav-telegram-problemoyu-dlya-naczionalnoyi-bezpeky/

Explosions were reported in Sloviansk and Kramatorsk
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-explosions-were-reported-in-sloviansk-and-kramatorsk

Damage in Lyman of Donetsk region as result of shelling
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-damage-in-lyman-of-donetsk-region-as-result-of-shelling

Nikolaev rocket firing: The Russians hit the Isandard on the enterprise
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/raketnyj-obstril-mykolayeva-rosiyany-vdaryly-iskanderom-po-pidpryyemstvu/

The ammunition that the Russians hit Kharkov can fly up to 90 km - Oleg Synigubov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/boyeprypas-yakym-rosiyany-vdaryly-po-harkovu-mozhe-letity-na-vidstan-do-90-km-oleg-synyegubov/

Rustem Umerov and Alexander Syrsky discussed the expansion of cooperation with the new Lithuanian Defense Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/rustem-umyerov-i-oleksandr-syrskyj-obgovoryly-rozshyrennya-spivpraczi-z-novym-ministrom-oborony-lytvy/

Kharkov's blow: consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/udar-po-harkovu-naslidky/

President of Ukraine: Russian terror against Kharkiv acquires a special meanness
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/prezydent-ukrayiny-rosijskyj-teror-proty-harkova-nabuvaye-osoblyvoyi-pidlosti/

The Commander of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces showed how the brigade is restored after the rod
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/komanduvach-suhoputnyh-vijsk-zsu-pokazav-yak-vidnovlyuyetsya-brygada-pislya-vyvedennya-na-rotacziyu/

We have to do everything to make workplaces in Sumy region and work social protection - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/mayemo-zrobyty-vse-shhob-na-sumshhyni-buly-robochi-misczya-ta-praczyuvav-soczzahyst-volodymyr-zelenskyj/

The Ministry of Defense explained the key points of the draft law on mobilization
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/u-minoborony-poyasnyly-klyuchovi-punkty-zakonoproyektu-pro-mobilizacziyu/

1 person killed as result of drone strike in Mykhailivka village of Beryslav district
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-1-person-killed-as-result-of-drone-strike-in-mykhailivka

General Staff: 49 combat clashes were recorded within a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/genshtab-protyagom-doby-bulo-zafiksovano-49-bojovyh-zitknen/

The X-59 rocket was knocked down in the Zaporozhye region, SuperCam UAVs in Dnipropetrovsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/u-zaporizkij-oblasti-zbyly-raketu-h-59-na-dnipropetrovshhyni-bpla-supercam/

The number of victims in Kharkiv increased to 19
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/kilkist-postrazhdalyh-u-harkovi-zbilshylasya-do-19/

Dmytro Kuleba named three reasons why Ukraine needs additional Patriot systems as soon as possible
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/dmytro-kuleba-nazvav-try-prychyny-chomu-ukrayini-yaknajshvydshe-potribni-dodatkovi-systemy-patriot/

Loud explosion was reported in Berdyansk
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-loud-explosion-was-reported-in-berdyansk-

The enemy fired at Rayhorodok in Donetsk region with cassette ammunition, a man was killed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/vorog-obstrilyav-rajgorodok-na-donechchyni-kasetnymy-boyeprypasamy-zagynuv-cholovik/

Ballistic missile strike reported in Mykolaiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-ballistic-missile-strike-reported-in-mykolaiv-

The fraudsters began to use fake petitions about the title of Hero of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/shahrayi-pochaly-vykorystovuvaty-fejkovi-petycziyi-pro-prysvoyennya-zvannya-geroya-ukrayiny/

In the forces of defense told about enemy motogroups in the Bakhmut direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/u-sylah-oborony-rozpovily-pro-vorozhi-motogrupy-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku/

Explosions were reported in Kherson
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-explosions-were-reported-in-kherson-

Lithuanian Ministry of Defense Head: Ukraine's continuity is our strategic purpose
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/glava-minoborony-lytvy-bezperervnist-pidtrymky-ukrayiny-ye-nashoyu-strategichnoyu-metoyu/

Germany urgently transmits 10 thousand shells to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/nimechchyna-terminovo-peredaye-ukrayini-10-tysyach-snaryadiv/

6 person wounded as result of ballistic missile strike in Mykolaiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-6-person-wounded-as-result-of-ballistic-missile

1 person killed as result of Russian artillery shelling in Nikopol
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-1-person-killed-as-result-of-russian-artillery-shelling

In Kupyansk direction, the enemy minimized assault actions, lost a lot of car equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/27/na-kupyanskomu-napryamku-vorog-minimizuvav-shturmovi-diyi-vtratyv-bagato-avtomobilnoyi-tehniky/

Explosions were reported in Kharkiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-explosions-were-reported-in-kharkiv

There are casualties as result of Russian bombardment in Kharkiv, residential house was reportedly hit
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-there-are-casualties-as-result-of-russian-bombardment

At least 12 wounded as result of Russian bombardment in Kharkiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-at-least-12-wounded-as-result-of-russian-bombardment

Explosion was reported in Zaporizhzhia
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-explosion-was-reported-in-zaporizhzhia-

1 person killed, 16 wounded as result of Russian airstrike with guided bomb in Kharkiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-1-person-killed-16-wounded-as-result-of-russian

Explosions were reported in Kostiantynivka
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-explosions-were-reported-in-kostiantynivka

Explosions were reported in Belgorod, according to local authorities 16 aerial targets were shot down over the area
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-explosions-were-reported-in-belgorod-according-to

Russian aviation launching guided bombs towards Izyum
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-russian-aviation-launching-guided-bombs-towards

1 person killed, another wounded as result of landmine explosion in Chervonyy Maiak village of Kherson region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-1-person-killed-another-wounded-as-result-of-landmine

At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka of Luhansk region and Terny¸ Serebryanka, Spirne, of Donetsk region. Russia...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-at-lyman-direction-russian-army-shelled-makiyivka

At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Synkivka, Ivanivka, Berestove of Kharkiv region. Russian aviation conducted airstr...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-at-kupiansk-direction-russian-army-shelled-synkivka

JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Alexandropil, Ceramics, Novobakhmutivka, Semenivka, Ukrainian Donetsk Region. ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-at-avdiyivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-oleksandropil

At Bakhmut direction Russian army shelled Bohdanivka, Vasukivka and Chasiv Yar of Donetsk region. Russian aviation conducted ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-at-bakhmut-direction-russian-army-shelled-bohdanivka

JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina Directions Ruscian of the Army Shelled Khinivka, Mountain, Mhah, Timonovichi, Kostobok, Michalz ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-at-sivershchyna-and-slobozhanschyna-directions-russian

Ukrainian military had 49 combat engagements with Russian forces near Terny of Donetsk region, Ivanivske, Andriivka of Donet...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-ukrainian-military-had-49-combat-engagements-with

At Kherson direction Russian army shelled Kherson city and Mykhaylivka of Kherson region, Nikopol of Dnipropetrovsk region, -...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-at-kherson-direction-russian-army-shelled-kherson

AS ORIKHIV DIRECTION RUSSIAN Army Shelled Poltavka, Rivne, Magic, Orikhiv, Five Diachal of Zaporizhzhia Region, General ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-at-orikhiv-direction-russian-army-shelled-poltavka

JSC Novopavlovka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Paraskovivka, Ugelar of Donetsk Region. Rusia ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-at-novopavlivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-krasnohorivka

Explosions were reported in Odesa district
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-explosions-were-reported-in-odesa-district

Russian aviation launching guided bombs towards Vovchansk district
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-russian-aviation-launching-guided-bombs-towards-6413

A child killed as result of Russian bombardment in Borova town of Kharkiv region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/27-march-a-child-killed-as-result-of-russian-bombardment