2024-03-08
Ukraine-Russia War News
Ukraine-Russia War News
==========
https://urwar2024.github.io/
https://ciangcing14.github.io/
==========
March 7. This day in history
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/7-bereznya-czej-den-v-istoriyi-5/

5 person killed and 5 more wounded as result of Russian missile strike at Odesa port today
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/6-march-5-person-killed-and-5-more-wounded-as-result-of-russian

In Crimea I will go on the armor - Scout Isa Aquaev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/u-krym-ya-zayidu-na-broni-rozvidnyk-isa-akayev/

The Chernobyl Reserve land along the border will be transferred for defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/zemli-chornobylskogo-zapovidnyka-vzdovzh-kordonu-peredadut-dlya-oborony/

General Staff: The enemy attacked the most in the Avdeevsky direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/genshtab-vorog-najbilshe-atakuvav-na-avdiyivskomu-napryamku/

Russia causes numerical blows to civilian objects in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/rosiya-zavdaye-chyselni-udary-po-czyvilnyh-obyektah-v-ukrayini/

Kot's effect: Russia stopped bringing ships to the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/efekt-kotova-rosiya-prypynyla-vyvodyty-korabli-u-chorne-more/

The enemy is massively fired at the Zaporozhye region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/vorog-masovo-obstrilyav-zaporizku-oblast/

1160 per day: The enemy suffered great losses in living strength and technique
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/1160-za-dobu-vorog-ponis-velyki-vtraty-v-zhyvij-syli-i-tehniczi/

The occupiers fired Kharkiv region a day 22 times: there are wounded and dead
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/okupanty-obstrilyaly-harkivshhynu-za-dobu-22-razy-ye-poraneni-ta-zagyblyj/

Born of War: Separate Eger Brigade DShV celebrates the second anniversary of the creation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/narodzheni-vijnoyu-okrema-yegerska-brygada-dshv-vidznachaye-drugu-richnyczyu-stvorennya/

In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-21/

The Navy of the Armed Forces predicted a new target for destruction in the Russian Navy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/u-vms-zsu-sprognozuvaly-novu-czil-dlya-znyshhennya-u-rosijskomu-floti/

Recharge in the constellation of the Pentagon satellites: Boeing will develop a military satellite for US space forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/popovnennya-u-suziryi-satelitiv-pentagonu-boeing-rozrobyt-vijskovyj-suputnyk-zvyazku-dlya-kosmichnyh-syl-ssha/

In the occupied territories, mobilization is expected to be expected immediately after the "elections"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/na-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-ochikuyetsya-posylennya-mobilizacziyi-odrazu-po-zavershennyu-vyboriv/

In Kharkiv region the enemy struck drones on the training ground
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/na-harkivshhyni-vorog-udaryv-bezpilotnykamy-po-navchalnomu-poligonu/

The enemy fired at 11 regions of Ukraine per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/vorog-obstrilyav-za-dobu-11-oblastej-ukrayiny/

In Odessa, a traitor was detained that was preparing a new rocket strike in the city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/v-odesi-zatrymaly-zradnyczyu-yaka-gotuvaly-novyj-raketnyj-udar-po-mistu/

In Kharkiv region the defense forces passed 10 quad bikes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/na-harkivshhyni-sylam-oborony-peredaly-10-kvadroczykliv/

France announced the expansion of Ukrainian military training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/francziya-anonsuvala-rozshyrennya-pidgotovky-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/

Putin's "elections" according to Russian recipes are prepared in the occupied Luhansk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/na-okupovanij-luganshhyni-gotuyut-vybory-putina-za-rosijskymy-reczeptamy/

In Sumy region stopped the enemy DRG
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/na-sumshhyni-zupynyly-vorozhu-drg/

GUR International Legion marks the anniversary of the creation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/mizhnarodnyj-legion-gur-vidmichaye-richnyczyu-stvorennya/

Gur began to advertise on
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/gur-pochalo-reklamuvatysya-na-rosiyi/

In the defense forces, they told about the specifics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/u-sylah-oborony-rozpovily-pro-speczyfiku-vykorystannya-rosiyanamy-kvadroczykliv/

One person was killed, three were injured: the consequences of enemy shelling of Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/vbyto-lyudynu-ta-troye-poranenyh-naslidky-vorozhyh-obstriliv-donechchyny/

Defense forces have shown how they destroy enemy armored vehicles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/syly-oborony-pokazaly-yak-nyshhat-vorozhu-bronetehnyku/

The enemy began to attack more in the area of the robot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/vorog-stav-bilshe-atakuvaty-v-rajoni-robotynogo/

Today the anniversary of Dmitry's death "da Vinci" Kotsubayl: on Askold's grave honored his memory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/sogodni-rokovyny-zagybeli-dmytra-da-vinchi-koczyubajla-na-askoldovij-mogyli-vshanuvaly-jogo-pamyat/

Two former officials were detained in Kharkiv who helped the occupiers to fire gas networks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/u-harkovi-zatrymaly-dvoh-kolyshnih-posadovcziv-yaki-dopomagaly-okupantam-obstrilyuvaty-gazovi-merezhi/

For veterans the training reintegration program "Cyber Defense" started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/dlya-veteraniv-startuvala-navchalna-reintegraczijna-programa-kiberzahysnyky/

The Russians dropped the bombs on Vovchansk: a woman was killed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/rosiyany-skynuly-bomby-na-vovchansk-zagynula-zhinka/

Italy's premiere about the Russian Federation on Odessa: intimidation will have no effect
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/premyer-italiyi-pro-udar-rf-po-odesi-zalyakuvannya-rf-ne-matyme-zhodnogo-efektu/

Interflex's educational operation commander communicated with British instructors and Armed Forces fighters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/komandyr-bagatonaczionalnoyi-navchalnoyi-operacziyi-interfleks-pospilkuvavsya-z-brytanskymy-instruktoramy-ta-bijczyamy-zsu/

The Lithuanian Foreign Minister at a meeting with the President of the European Commission stressed the need for defense support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/glava-mzs-lytvy-na-zustrichi-z-prezydentom-yevrokomisiyi-nagolosyv-na-neobhidnosti-oboronnoyi-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/

Russia fired at the Zaporozhye region with cassette ammunition: there is a victim
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/rosiya-obstrilyala-zaporizku-oblast-kasetnymy-boyeprypasamy-ye-postrazhdalyj/

Prime Minister held a meeting: Our target is access to all frozen Russian assets
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/premyer-proviv-naradu-nasha-czil-dostup-do-vsih-zamorozhenyh-rosijskyh-aktyviv/

In the Tavriysk direction, our soldiers destroyed two Pion guns, an acacia howa and the Mur-M complex of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-nashi-voyiny-znyshhyly-dvi-garmaty-pion-gaubyczyu-akacziya-ta-kompleks-murom-m-rosiyan/

The Russian rocket lost "combat capacity" on the coast of Odesa - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/rosijska-raketa-vtratyla-bojovu-spromozhnist-na-pidloti-do-uzberezhzhya-odeshhyny-nataliya-gumenyuk/

The entrepreneur who has arbitrarily occupied more than 400 hectares of the Armed Forces in Mykolaiv region will go under court
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/pid-sud-pide-pidpryyemecz-yakyj-samovilno-zajnyav-ponad-400-ga-zemel-zsu-na-mykolayivshhyni/

Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented certificates for housing to the heroes of Ukraine and families of fallen soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vruchyv-sertyfikaty-na-zhytlo-geroyam-ukrayiny-ta-rodynam-poleglyh-voyiniv/

Norway provides 140 million euros for the Czech initiative to purchase ammunition for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/norvegiya-nadaye-140-mln-yevro-na-inicziatyvu-chehiyi-shhodo-zakupivli-boyeprypasiv-dlya-ukrayiny/

The military continues to build defensive borders: photo report from the Armyonform from Sumy Region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/vijskovi-prodovzhuyut-rozbudovuvaty-oboronni-rubezhi-fotoreportazh-vid-armiyainform-z-sumshhyny/

Schurists who "traded" copter and cars for the Armed Forces were detained in Odessa region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/na-odeshhyni-zatrymano-aferystiv-yaki-torguvaly-kopteramy-ta-avtivkamy-dlya-zsu/

Montyan's propagandist and Putin's supporter threatens 8 years in prison
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/soratnyczi-propagandystky-montyan-ta-pryhylnyku-putina-zagrozhuye-8-rokiv-tyurmy/

The Russian army hit the rocket in Sumy: Civil infrastructure objects were damaged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/armiya-rf-vdaryla-raketoyu-po-sumah-poshkodzheno-obyekty-czyvilnoyi-infrastruktury/

A 500-pound bomb was removed from the attic of an apartment building
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/na-donechchyni-z-goryshha-zhytlovogo-budynku-znyaly-pyatysotkilogramovu-bombu/

"Effective Financial Management System by NATO Standards - Among the Priorities of the Ministry of Defense" - Yuri Dzhigir
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/efektyvna-systema-finansovogo-upravlinnya-za-standartamy-nato-sered-priorytetiv-minoborony-yurij-dzhygyr/

In the defense forces of southern Ukraine told about the success of enemy damage
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/u-sylah-oborony-pivdnya-ukrayiny-rozpovily-pro-uspihy-v-urazhenni-voroga/

Security Service of Ukraine detained a woman in Odesa, spying on behalf of Russian Federation, revealing air defense position...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-security-service-of-ukraine-detained-a-woman-in-odesa

"Dragon's teeth", concrete shelters and trench - in the Zaporozhye direction the erection of defense fortifications continues
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/zuby-drakona-betonni-ukryttya-ta-transheyi-na-zaporizkomu-napryamku-tryvaye-zvedennya-oboronnyh-fortyfikaczij/

Sweden officially became another NATO member
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/shvecziya-oficzijno-stala-shhe-odnym-chlenom-nato/

Our warriors near Kreminna were distinguished by hostile "hail"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/nashi-voyiny-poblyzu-kreminnoyi-vidminusuvaly-vorozhyj-grad/

1 person wounded as result of shelling in Korabelny district of Kherson
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-1-person-wounded-as-result-of-shelling-in-korabelny

Ukrainian border guards foiled Russian infiltration attempt at the border in Sumy region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-ukrainian-border-guards-foiled-russian-infiltration

Five traitors participated in Bakhmut's "meat" storms. They got 15 years in prison
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/pyatero-zradnykiv-braly-uchast-u-myasnyh-shturmah-bahmuta-vony-otrymaly-15-rokiv-tyurmy/

The Wolves Da Vinci Battalion launched a tradition of oath on the grave of Dmitry Kotsubayl
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/bataljon-vovky-davinchi-zapochatkuvav-tradycziyu-prysyagy-na-mogyli-dmytra-koczyubajla/

Bad Russian storming near Marinka, the work of drones of the 47th brigade: Star from the frontier city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/provalnyj-rosijskyj-shturm-bilya-maryinky-robota-droniv-47-yi-brygady-strim-iz-pryfrontovogo-mista/

Russian aviation launching guided bombs towards Kostiantynivka
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-russian-aviation-launching-guided-bombs-towards-kostiantynivka

Lithuania will hand over to Ukraine part of purchased military trucks for mine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/lytva-peredast-ukrayini-chastynu-zakuplenyh-vijskovyh-vantazhivok-dlya-rozminuvannya/

The plan of capture of the Anthoronov aerodrome with the landing there thousands of Russians provided a reliable informant - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/plan-zahoplennya-aerodromu-antonov-z-vysadkoyu-tam-tysyachi-rosiyan-nadav-nadijnyj-informator-gur/

In Kazan, the Higher Command Tank School is on fire
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-in-kazan-the-higher-command-tank-school-is-on-fire

FSB killed a man in Olonets, accused him in preparing sabotage actions on behalf of Ukraine
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-fsb-killed-a-man-in-olonets-accused-him-in-preparing

The State Security Service will block Russian broadcasting in border areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/derzhspeczzvyazku-zablokuye-rosijske-movlennya-na-prykordonnyh-terytoriyah/

Russian aviation conducted airstrike with guided bomb at Vovchansk, 1 person killed, another wounded
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-russian-aviation-conducted-airstrike-with-guided

The enemy attacked Kherson's center: a woman affected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/vorog-atakuvav-czentr-hersona-postrazhdala-zhinka/

More than 400 developers have joined the community of innovators of the Defense Innovators
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/do-spilnoty-innovatoriv-minoborony-doluchylysya-vzhe-ponad-400-rozrobnykiv/

In Sumy due to the blow of the Russian Federation, the school, hospital and water utility, was injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/u-sumah-cherez-udar-rf-poshkodzhena-shkola-likarnya-ta-vodokanal-postrazhdala-lyudyna-ova/

Several fires in Kherson as result of Russian shelling
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-several-fires-in-kherson-as-result-of-russian-shelling

Rustem Umerov thanked Norway for allocation of funds for shells for Ukraine on Czech initiative
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/rustem-umyerov-podyakuvav-norvegiyi-za-vydilennya-koshtiv-na-snaryady-dlya-ukrayiny-za-cheskoyu-inicziatyvoyu/

The Russian army attacked Nikopol from heavy artillery and shock drones, there is destruction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/armiya-rf-atakuvala-nikopol-z-vazhkoyi-artyleriyi-ta-udarnymy-dronamy-ye-rujnuvannya/

In Kupyansk, families with children of 18 settlements - Oleg Synigubov are forcibly evacuated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/na-kupyanskomu-napryamku-prymusovo-evakuyuyut-simyi-z-ditmy-z-18-naselenyh-punktiv-oleg-synyegubov/

The invaders dropped the airbag on Konstantinovka: what are the consequences of an enemy attack
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/okupanty-skynuly-aviabombu-na-kostyantynivku-yaki-naslidky-vorozhoyi-ataky/

Destruction as result of shelling in Novoselivka Persha
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-destruction-as-result-of-shelling-in-novoselivka

Russian troops intensified offensive attempts at Robotyne and Verbove
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-russian-troops-intensified-offensive-attempts-at

1 person wounded as Russian army shelled Bilenke village of Zaporizhzhia region with cluster ammunition
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-1-person-wounded-as-russian-army-shelled-bilenke

Rather and more: Dmytro Kuleba urged allies to increase Ukraine's support pace
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/shvydshe-i-bilshe-dmytro-kuleba-zaklykav-soyuznykiv-naroshhuvaty-tempy-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/

The Russian Army storms the Novopavlovsky and Avdiivsky directions: in a day 39 unsuccessful attempts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/armiya-rf-shturmuye-novopavlivskyj-ta-avdiyivskyj-napryamky-za-dobu-39-nevdalyh-sprob/

Fighter jets shot down 2 drones over Leningrad region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-fighter-jets-shot-down-2-drones-over-leningrad-region

President agreed to Valery Zaluzhny's candidacy for the post of Ambassador of Ukraine to Britain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/prezydent-pogodyv-kandydaturu-valeriya-zaluzhnogo-na-posadu-posla-ukrayiny-u-brytaniyi/

Rustem Umerov met with the management of the Hudson Institute: what was discussed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/rustem-umyerov-proviv-zustrich-z-kerivnycztvom-instytutu-gudzonu-shho-obgovoryly/

The President and Defense Minister of British in Kiev discussed the intensification of air defense and the joint production of weapons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/prezydent-ta-ministr-oborony-brytaniyi-u-kyyevi-obgovoryly-posylennya-ppo-ta-spilne-vyrobnycztvo-zbroyi/

Ukrainian aviation has inflicted 11 blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-11-udariv-po-vorogu/

The Ministry of Defense discussed with combat doctors volumes of domedic assistance on the battlefield
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/u-minoborony-obgovoryly-z-bojovymy-medykamy-obsyagy-domedychnoyi-dopomogy-na-poli-boyu/

Dismissal in the reserve of sections: the President has signed the appropriate decree
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/zvilnennya-v-zapas-strokovykiv-prezydent-pidpysav-vidpovidnyj-ukaz/

Rustem Umerov at a meeting with a grant of Shapps told about the needs of the Armed Forces and the situation at the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/rustem-umyerov-na-zustrichi-z-grantom-shappsom-rozpoviv-pro-potreby-zsu-ta-sytuacziyu-na-fronti/

Arrested by the LNR fighter who fought in the Storm battalion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/zaareshtovano-bojovyka-lnr-yakyj-voyuvav-u-bataljoni-shtorm/

Russian army shelled Toretsk
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-russian-army-shelled-toretsk-

“They took Avdeevka, sang, as if they had taken the floor of Ukraine” - Gur Perekholnnya
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/avdeevku-vzyaly-raspely-kak-budto-pol-ukrayn%d1%8b-vzyaly-gur-perehoplennya/

Another party of artillery shells from Lithuania arrived in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/v-ukrayinu-prybula-shhe-odna-partiya-artylerijskyh-snaryadiv-vid-lytvy/

Rustem Umerov and Dmytro Kuleba took part in the Paris Conference on Ukraine support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/rustem-umyerov-ta-dmytro-kuleba-vzyaly-uchast-u-paryzkij-konferencziyi-z-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/

Explosion was audible in Sumy
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-explosion-was-audible-in-sumy

For the military opened a rehabilitation center in Khmelnitsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/dlya-vijskovyh-vidkryly-reabilitaczijnyj-czentr-u-hmelnyczkomu/

Oleksandr Pavlyuk showed how his units were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/oleksandr-pavlyuk-pokazav-yak-jogo-pidrozdily-znyshhyly-rosijski-solnczepok-tank-ta-bmp-z-desantom/

Ukraine and Lithuania discussed the mechanisms of directing the seized assets of Russia in favor of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/ukrayina-ta-lytva-obgovoryly-mehanizmy-spryamuvannya-vyluchenyh-aktyviv-rosiyi-na-koryst-ukrayiny/

The Movie "20 days in Mariupol" is of critical importance for counteracting Russian lies - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/film-20-dniv-u-mariupoli-maye-krytychno-vazhlyve-znachennya-dlya-protydiyi-rosijskij-brehni-volodymyr-zelenskyj/

The forced evacuation of children was introduced in four settlements of Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/prymusovu-evakuacziyu-ditej-zaprovadzheno-u-chotyroh-naselenyh-punktah-donechchyny/

Not for the weak -minded: our drors forced the occupiers to give up aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/nashi-dronshhyky-pokazaly-yak-zmushuyut-okupantiv-vidmovytys-vid-agresiyi/

Britain funds over 10,000 drones for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/07/brytaniya-profinansuye-ponad-10-tysyach-droniv-dlya-ukrayiny/

Sweden becomes NATO’s 32nd member
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-sweden-becomes-natos-32nd-member

Drone targeted metallurgical plant in Cherepovets
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-drone-targeted-metallurgical-plant-in-cherepovets

There are "no limits" and "no red lines" to France's support for Ukraine, Emmanuel Macron said this afternoon
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-there-are-no-limits-and-no-red-lines-to-frances-support

1 person wounded, hospital damaged as result of Russian missile strike in Sumy
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-1-person-wounded-hospital-damaged-as-result-of-russian

President Zelensky has appointed Valery Zaluzhny as Ambassador of Ukraine to UK
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-president-zelensky-has-appointed-valeriy-zaluzhniy

Britain will fund more than 10,000 drones for Ukraine for a total amount of more than 325 million pounds, - said the British ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-britain-will-fund-more-than-10000-drones-for-ukraine

Ukrainian military had 70 combat engagements with Russian forces near Synkivka of Kharkiv region, Bilohorivka of Luhansk regi...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-ukrainian-military-had-70-combat-engagements-with

Ukraine’s Zelensky to visit Turkey on Friday, Turkish Presidency announces
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-ukraines-zelensky-to-visit-turkey-on-friday-turkish

Odesa is under Shahed drones attack, air defense is active, several explosions were audible
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-odesa-is-under-shahed-drones-attack-air-defense-is

2 person killed as result of MLRS shelling in Kupiansk
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/7-march-2-person-killed-as-result-of-mlrs-shelling-in-kupiansk