2024-03-26
Ukraine-Russia War News
Ukraine-Russia War News
==========
https://urwar2024.github.io/
https://ciangcing14.github.io/
==========
March 25. This day in history
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/25-bereznya-czej-den-v-istoriyi-5/

President of Ukraine Zelenskyy held a constructive and meaningful telephone conversation with the Prime Minister of the Kingd...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/24-march-president-of-ukraine-zelenskyy-held-a-constructive

JSC Novopavlivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. Georgiyivka, Paraskovivka, Ugledar of Donetsk Region, - Gene ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/24-march-at-novopavlivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-krasnohorivka

Av Avdeevka Directive Russian Army Sheled Oleksandropil, Ceramic, Novobakhmutivka, Semenivka of the Donetsk region. Avi Russians ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/24-march-at-avdiyivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-oleksandropil

Ukrainian military had 52 combat engagements with Russian forces near Bilohorivka of Luhansk region, Bohdanivka, Klischiyivka...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/24-march-ukrainian-military-had-52-combat-engagements-with

At Kherson direction Russian army shelled Kozatske, Ponyativka of Kherson region, - General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/24-march-at-kherson-direction-russian-army-shelled-kozatske

At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Terny¸ Serebryanka, Spirne of Donetsk re...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/24-march-at-lyman-direction-russian-army-shelled-makiyivka

JSC Orykhiv Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Poltavka, Rivne, Magic, Orikhiv, Fific of the Zaporozhye Region. Rusian ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/24-march-at-orikhiv-direction-russian-army-shelled-poltavka

In the Main Directorate of the State of Ukraine, they told how to accelerate the receipts of aviation in Ukraine: Interview
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/v-golovnomu-upravlinni-derzhaviacziyi-ukrayiny-rozpovily-yak-pryshvydshyty-nadhodzhennya-aviatehniky-v-ukrayinu-interv%ca%bcyu/

How does the Intelligence of the Armed Forces Brigade: Photo Report
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/yak-trenuyetsya-i-voyuye-rozvidpidrozdil-brygady-zsu-fotoreportazh/

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Russia has applied almost 190 missiles in Ukraine and almost 140 Shahaneda in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/volodymyr-zelenskyj-rosiya-za-tyzhden-zastosuvala-po-ukrayini-majzhe-190-raket-i-majzhe-140-shahediv/

There were 60 captions on the front, almost half of them - in the Novopavlovsky direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/na-fronti-vidbulosya-60-boyezitknen-majzhe-polovyna-z-nyh-na-novopavlivskomu-napryamku/

Ukrainian rocket launchers struck by artillery and enemy reb stations in a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/ukrayinski-raketnyky-za-dobu-vdaryly-po-artylerijskyh-zasobah-ta-stancziyi-reb-protyvnyka/

Russian troops attacked Odessa rocket X-31P
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/vijska-rf-atakuvaly-odeshhynu-raketoyu-h-31p/

The Armed Forces destroyed 11 Russian tanks in a day and put more than 600 invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/zsu-za-dobu-znyshhyly-11-rosijskyh-tankiv-i-poklaly-ponad-600-okupantiv/

In the Black and Azov Seas there are no Russian rocket launchers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/u-chornomu-ta-azovskomu-moryah-nemaye-rosijskyh-raketonosiyiv/

The enemy of last day caused 230 artudaries in the Zaporozhye region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/vorog-mynuloyi-doby-zavdav-230-artudariv-po-zaporizkij-oblasti/

We have a common goal and a common goal - the Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces congratulated the SBU staff on a professional holiday
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/u-nas-spilna-meta-i-spilna-czil-golovnokomanduvach-zsu-pryvitav-spivrobitnykiv-sbu-z-profesijnym-svyatom/

GUR told about details of damage to the landing ship of Russia "Yamal"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/gur-rozpovilo-pro-detali-poshkodzhen-desantnogo-korablya-rosiyi-yamal/

Almost 15 settlements of Kharkiv region are fired in a day: where and where were they beaten
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/majzhe-15-naselenyh-punktiv-harkivshhyny-obstrilyani-za-dobu-kudy-i-z-chogo-byly/

In the Nikolaev area, more than ten people were injured because of enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/na-mykolayivshhyni-cherez-vorozhi-ataky-ponad-desyat-lyudej-otrymaly-poranennya/

In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-27/

Cheap and angry: Republic of Korea goes to the European market with its MAZRK KP-SAM CHIRON
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/deshevyj-i-serdytyj-respublika-koreya-vyhodyt-na-yevropejskyj-rynok-zi-svoyim-pzrk-kp-sam-chiron/

In the south of air defense destroyed 8 shock UAVs like Shahed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/na-pivdni-ppo-znyshhyla-8-udarnyh-bpla-typu-shahed/

In the defense forces, they told about a characteristic feature
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/u-sylah-oborony-rozpovily-pro-harakternu-oznaku-nichnoyi-vorozhoyi-dronovoyi-ataky-na-pivdni/

The commander of preparation of the Land Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine will head one of the directions of the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/komanduvach-pidgotovky-suhoputnyh-vijsk-zs-ukrayiny-ocholyt-odyn-iz-napryamkiv-frontu/

Natalia Humeniuk explained the absence of "calibers" in hostile blows
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/nataliya-gumenyuk-poyasnyla-vidsutnist-kalibriv-u-vorozhyh-udarah/

The fire occurred at night at the transformer substation of the Novocherkassk Power Plant, there were no casualties, the powe...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-the-fire-occurred-at-night-at-the-transformer-substation

SBU efficiency will definitely bring our common victory - the President congratulated the Security Service of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/efektyvnist-sbu-obovyazkovo-nablyzyt-nashu-spilnu-peremogu-prezydent-pryvitav-praczivnykiv-sluzhby-bezpeky-ukrayiny/

The defense forces declared the loss of the Russians as a result of a blow to the Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/u-sylah-oborony-zayavyly-pro-vtratu-rosiyanamy-kerivnykiv-vnaslidok-udaru-po-krymu/

In action for the first time: Ukrainians will be able to apply to the International Register of Damage caused by Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/vpershe-v-diyi-ukrayinczi-zmozhut-podaty-zayavu-do-mizhnarodnogo-reyestru-zbytkiv-zavdanyh-rosiyeyu/

During the day, the army of the Russian Federation fired at 12 regions of Ukraine: there are killed and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/za-dobu-armiya-rf-obstrilyala-12-oblastej-ukrayiny-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni-2/

The Navy of the Armed Forces told about the possible damage to the Russian ship Ivan Hurs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/u-vms-zsu-rozpovily-pro-mozhlyve-urazhennya-rosijskogo-korablya-ivan-hurs/

Dmitry Pletenchuk declared significant damage to the enemy from a blow in the center of communication in Sevastopol
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/dmytro-pletenchuk-zayavyv-pro-suttyevu-shkodu-dlya-voroga-vid-udaru-po-czentru-zvyazku-v-sevastopoli/

Defense forces for a week eliminated 5,000 personnel of the Russian Federation and almost 2 tank battalions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/syly-oborony-za-tyzhden-likviduvaly-5000-osobovogo-skladu-rf-ta-majzhe-2-tankovyh-bataljony/

The SBU reported about the detention of the FSB "mole" dangerous for the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/sbu-vidzvituvala-pro-zatrymannya-nebespechnogo-dlya-zsu-krota-fsb/

Army skewers won the 2024 Olympic Games License
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/armijski-shpazhystky-zavoyuvaly-liczenziyu-na-olimpijski-igry-2024/

Air defense destroyed two ballistic missiles from two flying to Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/pvo-znyshhyla-dvi-balistychni-rakety-z-dvoh-yaki-letily-na-kyyiv/

In the Navy of the Armed Forces called the strange situation with Russian "caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/u-vms-zsu-nazvaly-dyvnoyu-sytuacziyu-z-rosijskymy-kalibramy/

Air defense systems intercepted 11 drones over the territory of the Rostov region at night, - the Russian Ministry of Defense...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-air-defense-systems-intercepted-11-drones-over-the

Consequences of attack on the capital: Photo report Armyinform
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/naslidky-ataky-na-stolyczyu-fotoreportazh-armiyainform/

MoU announced simplification for the Armed Forces in obtaining permits for medical practice
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/mou-ogolosylo-pro-sproshhennya-dlya-zsu-v-otrymanni-dozvoliv-na-medychnu-praktyku/

Volodymyr Zelenskyy responded to a hostile ballistic blow to Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidreaguvav-na-vorozhyj-balistychnyj-udar-po-kyyevu/

The Defense Agency has signed a memorandum with Denmark
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/agencziya-oboronnyh-zakupivel-pidpysala-memorandum-z-daniyeyu/

The EU has provided to Ukraine military assistance for € 31 billion since the start of a large -scale invasion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/yes-nadav-ukrayini-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-na-e31-mlrd-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya/

The prosecutor's office has started an investigation into a Russian rocket attack in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/prokuratura-rozpochala-rozsliduvannya-rosijskoyi-raketnoyi-ataky-po-kyyevu/

Ukraine's prime minister specified the type of missiles that the enemy hit Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/premyer-ukrayiny-utochnyv-typ-raket-yakymy-vorog-vdaryv-po-kyyevu/

On March 26 there will be a straight telephone line with the Commander of the Forces of the TRA of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/26-bereznya-vidbudetsya-pryama-telefonna-liniya-z-komanduvachem-syl-tro-zsu/

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs called on the event to urgently provide Ukraine with Patriot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/u-mzs-zaklykaly-zahid-terminovo-nadaty-ukrayini-patriot/

Almost 17,000 crimes against national security have been documented in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/v-ukrayini-zadokumentovano-majzhe-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczionalnoyi-bezpeky-5/

The court arrested the former High Army of the Armed Forces on suspicion of illegal enrichment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/sud-zaareshtuvav-kolyshnogo-vysokoposadovczya-zsu-za-pidozroyu-u-nezakonnomu-zbagacheni/

Mow is introducing a practice of submitting a medical declaration through “action”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/mou-vprovadzhuye-praktyku-podannya-medychnoyi-deklaracziyi-cherez-diyu/

Eosel: During the week loans under 3% received 113 defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/yeoselya-protyagom-tyzhnya-kredyty-pid-3-otrymaly-113-zahysnykiv/

The coordination headquarters warned Ukrainians on the activation of Russian special services
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-zasterig-ukrayincziv-shhodo-aktyvizacziyi-rosijskyh-speczsluzhb/

Russian invaders have carried out four assaults in the operating zone of the South Defense Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/rosijski-okupanty-zdijsnyly-chotyry-shturmy-v-operaczijnij-zoni-syl-oborony-pivdnya/

Two traitors were detained that guarded Russian torture during the occupation of Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/zatrymano-dvoh-zradnykiv-yaki-ohoronyaly-rosijski-kativni-pid-chas-okupacziyi-hersonshhyny/

Russian army shelled Nikopol district with GRAD MLRS and artillery
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-russian-army-shelled-nikopol-district-with-grad

The Armed Forces in the south destroyed 112 invaders, 8 artisystems and 2 SPRs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/zsu-na-pivdni-znyshhyly-112-okupantiv-8-artsystem-ta-2-zrk/

The Ministry of Finance reported on January-February 235.1 billion hryvnias for defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/minfin-vidzvituvav-pro-vydilennya-za-sichen-lyutyj-2351-mlrd-gryven-na-oboronu/

Ukrainian air defense shot down 8 of 9 Shahed drones overnight
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-ukrainian-air-defense-shot-down-8-of-9-shahed-drones

2 units of Novocherkasskaya power stations are out of the service
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-2-units-of-novocherkasskaya-power-stations-are-out

US Ambassador responded to Russian ballistic blow to Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/posol-ssha-vidreaguvala-na-rosijskyj-balistychnyj-udar-po-kyyevu/

The DBR filed a case against the Zaporizhzhya Exviysk Committee
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/dbr-peredalo-do-sudu-spravu-proty-zaporizkogo-eksvoyenkoma/

Volodymyr Zelenskyy outlined the task for the defense forces in the east of the Black Sea water area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/volodymyr-zelenskyj-okreslyv-zavdannya-dlya-syl-oborony-na-shodi-chornomorskoyi-akvatoriyi/

As a result of a hostile blow to Vovchansk, a man was killed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/unaslidok-vorozhogo-udaru-po-vovchansku-zagynuv-cholovik/

The number of victims after rocket attack on Kiev increased to ten people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/kilkist-postrazhdalyh-pislya-raketnoyi-ataky-na-kyyiv-zrosla-do-desyaty-osib/

Shelling reported in Kherson
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-shelling-reported-in-kherson

Explosions reported in Kyiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-explosions-reported-in-kyiv

The drone army per week eliminated more than 370 units of Russian military equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/armiya-droniv-za-tyzhden-likviduvala-ponad-370-odynycz-rosijskoyi-vijskovoyi-tehniky/

Guri revealed the way of defeating the Russian ship "Yamal"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/u-gur-rozkryly-sposib-urazhennya-rosijskogo-korablya-yamal/

The Russian army damaged one of the high-voltage power supply infrastructure in Odesa
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-the-russian-army-damaged-one-of-the-highvoltage

Residential apartments block was damaged as result of Russian missile strike in Kyiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-residential-apartments-block-was-damaged-as-result

Three "climbers" fed and warmed after an unsuccessful attempt to cross the border
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/troh-alpinistiv-nagoduvaly-ta-vidigrily-pislya-nevdaloyi-sproby-peretnuty-kordon/

Mayor Klitschko: 3-storeys building was destroyed by missile debris in Pechersky district of Kyiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-mayor-klitschko-3storeys-building-was-destroyed

GUR told about constant tracking for Russian ships
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/u-gur-rozpovily-pro-postijne-stezhennya-za-rosijskymy-korablyamy/

The Defense Ministry prevented an ineffective cost of nearly 6.5 million hryvnias
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/minoborony-zapobiglo-neefektyvnij-vytrati-majzhe-65-miljona-gryven/

Ukrainian air defense shot down 2 Russian ballistic missiles, launched from occupied Crimea towards Kyiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-ukrainian-air-defense-shot-down-2-russian-ballistic

The US Ambassador to Ukraine: Russia used hypersonic missiles to bomb Kyiv today
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-the-us-ambassador-to-ukraine-russia-used-hypersonic

In the Kherson region after the Russian shelling found a fallen resident
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/na-hersonshhyni-pislya-rosijskogo-obstrilu-vyyavyly-zagyblogo-meshkanczya/

Power has been completely restored in Kryvyi Rih
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-power-has-been-completely-restored-in-kryvyi-rih

Arta mixes orcs with a bog, fat FPV destroyed the Russians in an ambush: a stream from the frontline city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/arta-mishaye-orkiv-z-bagnom-tovstyj-fpv-znyshhyv-rosiyan-u-zasidczi-strim-iz-pryfrontovogo-mista/

The Russian army attacked Kherson Kabami: there is a destruction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/armiya-rf-atakuvala-hersonshhyu-kabamy-ye-rujnuvannya/

Doctors got an unknown subbound from the feet of a wounded defender
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/medyky-distaly-nevidomyj-subboyeprypas-z-nogy-poranenogo-zahysnyka/

Rosarmia fired at Nikopol region with drones and heavy artillery, is destruction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/rosarmiya-obstrilyala-nikopolshhynu-dronamy-ta-vazhkoyu-artyleriyeyu-ye-rujnuvannya/

Nord-Ost, Beslan and City City Hall: Who in Russia suits terrorist attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/nord-ost-beslan-i-krokus-siti-holl-hto-u-rosiyi-vlashtovuye-terakty/

Russians in search of the Ukrainian underground increased the number of checkpoints per Tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/rosiyany-u-poshukah-ukrayinskogo-pidpillya-zbilshyly-kilkist-blokpostiv-na-tot/

Emergency and rescue work after rocket attack has been completed in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/u-kyyevi-zavershylysya-avarijno-ryatuvalni-roboty-pislya-raketnoyi-ataky/

During the day the enemy tried to break through the defense of our troops 45 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/protyagom-doby-vorog-45-raziv-namagavsya-prorvaty-oboronu-nashyh-vijsk/

Missile blow to Odessa: More than 300,000 residents were left without electricity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/raketnyj-udar-po-odesi-ponad-300-tysyach-meshkancziv-zalyshylys-bez-elektroenergiyi/

Ukrainian Art has destroyed the air defense tool, UAV control station and Artzassibs of the Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/ukrayinska-arta-znyshhyla-zasib-ppo-stancziyu-keruvannya-bpla-ta-artzasib-rosiyan/

There are already more than 2200 people in the civil service personnel reserve for the restoration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/u-kadrovomu-rezervi-derzhsluzhby-dlya-vidnovlennya-deokupovanyh-terytorij-vzhe-ponad-2200-osib/

Rustem Umerov urged the EU to strengthen sanctions against those who deliver spare parts for
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/rustem-umyerov-zaklykav-yes-posylyty-sankcziyi-proty-tyh-hto-postavlyaye-zapchastyny-dlya-rosiyi/

1 person killed as result of shelling in Vovchansk
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-1-person-killed-as-result-of-shelling-in-vovchansk

Debris of one of the two 3M22 "Zirkon" missiles shot down today. Photo: Defense Express.
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-debris-of-one-of-the-two-3m22-zirkon-missiles-shot

Our mortars left the occupiers without an excavator with one shot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/nashi-minometnyky-odnym-postrilom-zalyshyly-okupantiv-bez-ekskavatora/

2 violent explosions were reported in Novocherkassk of Rostov region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-2-violent-explosions-were-reported-in-novocherkassk

Patriot should be here and now - Dmytro Kuleba told Josepa Borrel about shelling of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/patriot-mayut-buty-tut-i-zaraz-dmytro-kuleba-rozpoviv-zhozepu-borrelyu-pro-obstrily-ukrayiny/

In the Chernivtsi region, the evasants who tried to get to the border for 5.5 thousand euros were detained
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/u-cherniveczkij-oblasti-zatrymaly-uhylyantiv-yaki-namagalysya-doyihaty-do-kordonu-za-55-tysyach-yevro/

Volodymyr Zelensky conducted a joint IFar with representatives of the Muslim community of Ukraine and awarded Ukrainian Muslim soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-spilnyj-iftar-iz-predstavnykamy-musulmanskoyi-spilnoty-ukrayiny-ta-nagorodyv-ukrayinskyh-voyiniv-musulman/

The SBU is never repeated in its special operations - Vasily Baby
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/25/sbu-nikoly-ne-povtoryuyetsya-u-svoyih-speczoperacziyah-vasyl-malyuk/

Russian army conducting missile strike at Derhachi in Kharkiv region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-russian-army-conducting-missile-strike-at-derhachi

Russian Ambassador to Poland refusing to appear after Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs has summoned him to discuss violatio...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-russian-ambassador-to-poland-refusing-to-appear

4 person wounded as result of attack in Derhachi
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-4-person-wounded-as-result-of-attack-in-derhachi

Explosion was reported in Odesa
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-explosion-was-reported-in-odesa

More explosions were reported in Odesa
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-more-explosions-were-reported-in-odesa

March 26. This day in history
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/26-bereznya-czej-den-v-istoriyi-5/

Putin claims that the same people are behind islamic radicals from Crocus mall, who fighting Russian since 2014 with Ukrainia...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-putin-claims-that-the-same-people-are-behind-islamic

The terrorist attack at Crocus fits quite logically into the intimidation campaigns carried out by Kyiv, - Putin claims
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-the-terrorist-attack-at-crocus-fits-quite-logically

Putin: it is necessary to answer the question of why the militants tried to leave for Ukraine after committing a crime in Cro...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-putin-it-is-necessary-to-answer-the-question-of

Explosion was reported in Dnipro
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-explosion-was-reported-in-dnipro

JSC Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Bogdanivka, Kalynivka, Kisschivivka Andhi of the Ti Yar of Donetsk Region. Rusian Avate ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-at-bakhmut-direction-russian-army-shelled-bohdanivka

At Novopavlivka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Heorhiyivka, Paraskoviyivka, Kostyantynivka of Donetsk region.
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-at-novopavlivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-krasnohorivka

Ukrainian military had 45 combat engagements with Russian forces near Bilohorivka of Luhansk region, Terny, Yampolivka, Rozdo...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-ukrainian-military-had-45-combat-engagements-with