2024-03-15
Ukraine-Russia War News
Ukraine-Russia War News
==========
https://urwar2024.github.io/
https://ciangcing14.github.io/
==========
March 14. This day in history
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/14-bereznya-czej-den-v-istoriyi-5/

Ukrainian military had 70 combat engagements with Russian forces near Tabayivka of Kharkiv region and Stelmakhivka of Luhansk...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-ukrainian-military-had-70-combat-engagements-with

Violent explosion was reported in Sloviansk
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-violent-explosion-was-reported-in-sloviansk

Volunteers became those who were not subject to mobilization: about the military traditions of Sich Sagittarius
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/dobrovolczyamy-stavaly-ti-hto-ne-pidlyagav-mobilizacziyi-pro-vijskovi-tradycziyi-sichovyh-strilcziv/

As a journalist, programmer, geodesist and entrepreneur find enemy equipment, disguised as a pile of garbage. Photo report
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/yak-zhurnalist-programist-geodezyst-i-pidpryyemecz-znahodyat-vorozhu-tehniku-zamaskovanu-pid-kupu-smittya-fotoreportazh/

In the east and south - a difficult operational environment, 79 ammunition per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/na-shodi-j-pivdni-skladna-operatyvna-obstanovka-79-boyezitknen-za-dobu/

He was in the "Ilovay boiler" and to the last he kept defense - the story of Victor Kirgan's volunteer
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/vin-buv-u-samomu-ilovajskomu-kotli-ta-do-ostannogo-trymav-oboronu-istoriya-dobrovolczya-viktor-kyrgana/

Ukrainian aviation has hit seven areas of enemy forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-udariv-po-semy-rajonah-skupchennya-syl-protyvnyka/

Defense forces disrupted the landing of the Russian DRG in Kherson
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/syly-oborony-zirvaly-vysadku-rosijskoyi-drg-u-hersoni/

The Russian Army is in Zaporozhye by airplaces: there is a destruction of residential buildings
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/armiya-rf-gatyt-po-zaporizhzhyu-aviasnaryadamy-ye-rujnuvannya-zhytlovyh-budynkiv/

On the 750th day of the Ukrainian resistance minus another 970 invaders, 5 tanks and 17 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/na-750-j-den-ukrayinskogo-sprotyvu-minus-shhe-970-okupantiv-5-tankiv-ta-17-bbm/

The Russians released on Kharkiv C-300 and Shahda missiles: what is known about the hit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/rosiyany-vypustyly-po-harkovu-rakety-s-300-ta-shahedy-shho-vidomo-pro-vluchannya/

Two hostile rocket launchers are on duty in the Mediterrane
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/v-akvatoriyi-seredzemnogo-morya-cherguye-dva-vorozhyh-raketonosiyi/

The Russians did not take into account the spirit and will of the volunteers who rose to the defense of Ukraine - the Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/rosiyany-ne-vrahuvaly-duhu-i-voli-dobrovolcziv-yaki-pidnyalysya-na-zahyst-ukrayiny-golovnokomanduvach-zsu/

As a result of the Shahheda night attack in four cities of Sumy region there is a clutch in civilian infrastructure
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/unaslidok-nichnoyi-ataky-shahediv-u-chotyroh-mistah-sumshhyny-ye-vluchannya-u-czyvilnu-infrastrukturu/

GUR told what the election results "draw" Putin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/u-gur-rozpovily-yaki-rezultaty-vyboriv-namalyuyut-putinu/

In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-20/

Nataliya Humeniuk spoke about the enemy's unsuccessful raids on boats along the Dnipro
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/nataliya-gumenyuk-rozpovila-pro-bezuspishni-rejdy-voroga-na-chovnah-po-dnipru/

First Mobile: US Army Tests AMPV armored vehicle with NEMO mortar system
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/pershyj-mobilnyj-armiya-ssha-vyprobuye-bronemashynu-ampv-z-minometnoyu-systemoyu-nemo/

2 drones attacked Prokhorovka village of Belgorod region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-2-drones-attacked-prokhorovka-village-of-belgorod

China and NATO representatives had a meeting in Beijing: among topics - Russian invasion of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/predstavnyky-kytayu-i-nato-provely-zustrich-u-pekini-sered-tem-rosijske-vtorgnennya-v-ukrayinu/

The Defense Forces reported on the effect of the destruction of the enemy checkpoint on the Pogodin tanker
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/u-sylah-oborony-dopovily-pro-efekt-vid-znyshhennya-vorozhogo-kp-na-tankeri-pogodin/

Ukraine's victory depends on the strength and reliability of transatlantic connections - Josep Borrel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/peremoga-ukrayiny-zalezhyt-vid-syly-ta-nadijnosti-transatlantychnyh-zvyazkiv-zhozep-borrel/

Today the Diet of Latvia will vote for a statement about the illegitimacy of elections in
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/sogodni-sejm-latviyi-golosuvatyme-za-zayavu-pro-nelegitymnist-vyboriv-u-rosiyi/

Several Shahed drone groups over several regions
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-several-shahed-drone-groups-over-several-regions

Almost 300 explosions occurred at the Sumy and Chernihiv border and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/na-prykordonni-sumshhyny-ta-chernigivshhyny-prolunalo-majzhe-300-vybuhiv/

A man who worked on the Main Directorate of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation was detained. He is threatened with imprisonment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/zatrymano-cholovika-yakyj-praczyuvav-na-golovne-upravlinnya-genshtabu-zs-rosiyi-jomu-zagrozhuye-tyuremne-uvyaznennya/

Scouts destroyed the Russian "Mur-M" and a car with the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/rozvidnyky-znyshhyly-rosijskyj-murom-m-i-avto-z-okupantamy/

US Secretary of State Communicated with the Czech Foreign Minister: it was about helping Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/derzhsekretar-ssha-pospilkuvavsya-z-glavoyu-mzs-chehiyi-jshlosya-pro-dopomogu-ukrayini/

In Bukovina, the city council will go under court for "resolving the issue" for release from conscription
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/na-bukovyni-pid-sud-pide-eksposadovyczya-miskoyi-rady-za-vyrishennya-pytannya-zi-zvilnennya-vid-pryzovu/

The Armed Forces in the Tavriysk direction were neutralized over 400 invaders per day, one was captured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/zsu-na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-zneshkodyly-za-dobu-ponad-400-zagarbnykiv-odnogo-vzyaly-v-polon/

The army of the Russian Federation hit the radio technical sites of Sumy region: Ova was warned about mobile interruptions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/armiya-rf-vdaryla-po-radiotehnichnym-obyektam-sumshhyny-v-ova-poperedyly-pro-pereboyi-z-mobilnym-zvyazkom/

On the Left Bank of the Dnieper Demanders destroyed the quad bike and reconnaissance UAV Supersam and Zala
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/na-livoberezhzhi-dnipra-oboronczi-znyshhyly-kvadroczykl-ta-2-rozviduvalni-bpla-supersam-i-zala/

Ukraine will increase the localization of its own production, in particular in the defensive industry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/ukrayina-zbilshuvatyme-lokalizacziyu-vlasnogo-vyrobnycztva-zokrema-v-oboronnij-galuzi/

Explosions were reported in Kharkiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-explosions-were-reported-in-kharkiv

The enemy beat in Donetsk from aviation, "tornado" and "hailsters": under fire were 8 settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/vorog-byv-po-donechchyni-z-aviacziyi-smerchiv-ta-gradiv-pid-vognem-buly-8-naselenyh-punktiv/

Guarded the door inside the camera while the Ukrainian was tortured to death - exposed the National Guard of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/ohoronyav-dveri-vseredyni-kamery-poky-ukrayinczya-zakatovuvaly-do-smerti-vykryto-naczgvardijczya-rf/

To help Ukraine to win means to produce enough weapons and to provide it in time - President of Lithuania
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/dopomogty-ukrayini-peremogty-oznachaye-vyrobyty-dostatnyu-kilkist-zbroyi-i-vchasno-yiyi-nadaty-prezydent-lytvy/

In five months of UAV school, more than a hundred qualified drone operators have been prepared
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/za-pyat-misyacziv-roboty-shkoly-bpla-pidgotovleno-ponad-sotnyu-kvalifikovanyh-operatoriv-droniv/

The Ministry of Defense told how a new recruitment algorithm for the Armed Forces works
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/u-minoborony-rozpovily-yak-praczyuye-novyj-algorytm-rekrutyngu-do-lav-zsu/

The day of those who made their choice in decisive time - the President congratulated the Ukrainians on Volunteer Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/den-tyh-hto-u-vyrishalnyj-chas-zrobyv-svij-vybir-prezydent-pryvitav-ukrayincziv-z-dnem-dobrovolczya/

In Kherson region, SCO soldiers prevented the attempts by the Russians to replace reservoirs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/na-hersonshhyni-voyiny-sso-zavadyly-sprobi-rosiyan-zaminuvaty-vodojmy/

Rus strikes on Sumy on March 13: from under the rubble of the five-storey building got the third body
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/udar-rosiyan-po-sumah-13-bereznya-z-pid-zavaliv-pyatypoverhivky-distaly-tretye-tilo/

In three regions of Ukraine, deals were exposed that sold "trophy" Russian weapons of crime
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/u-troh-oblastyah-ukrayiny-vykryly-dilkiv-yaki-prodavaly-trofejnu-rosijsku-zbroyu-kryminalitetu/

Anti -aircraft missile units, including Patriot, continue their work in frontline areas - Mykola Oleshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/zenitni-raketni-pidrozdily-zokrema-patriot-prodovzhuyut-robotu-u-pryfrontovyh-rajonah-mykola-oleshhuk/

In Finland, persons were detained on suspicion of laundering ammunition purchases for the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/u-finlyandiyi-zatrymano-osib-za-pidozroyu-u-vidmyvanni-koshtiv-na-zakupivli-amunicziyi-dlya-zsu/

"Well, crown, people are already on the panic" - the interception of the GUR about the situation in Belgorod
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/nu-koroche-svalyvayut-lyudy-na-panyke-uzhe-gur-perehoplennya-pro-sytuacziyu-v-byelgorodi/

The FSB reports the detention in St. Petersburg of four members of the organization "Russian Volunteer Corps" (RDK)
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-the-fsb-reports-the-detention-in-st-petersburg-of

The enemy is fired in Nikopol in the morning for five victims
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/vorog-zranku-obstrilyuye-nikopol-vzhe-pyatero-postrazhdalyh/

Russian troops hit the drones on television and radio infrastructure of Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/vijska-rf-vdaryly-dronamy-po-tele-ta-radioinfrastrukturi-harkivskoyi-oblasti/

"It was not so long ago": Tavriya was told about the pressure of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/tak-ne-bulo-vzhe-duzhe-davno-v-osuv-tavriya-rozpovily-pro-natysk-protyvnyka/

NATO Secretary General: Ukrainians are not lacking in courage, they are lacking in ammunition. Need to increase the assistance immediately
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/gensek-nato-ukrayinczyam-ne-brakuye-muzhnosti-yim-brakuye-boyeprypasiv-potribno-negajno-zbilshyty-dopomogu/

Alexander Syrsky visited the Zaporozhye direction and told about the rotation of units at the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/oleksandr-syrskyj-vidvidav-zaporizkyj-napryamok-i-rozpoviv-pro-rotacziyu-pidrozdiliv-na-fronti/

The Minister of Defense noted the military holding the front line
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/cze-chest-dlya-mene-ministr-oborony-vidznachyv-vijskovyh-yaki-trymayut-liniyu-frontu/

In Nikolaev detained a spy who worked at home
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/v-mykolayevi-zatrymaly-shpyguna-yakyj-praczyuvav-vdoma/

Three more children were returned to the territory controlled by Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/shhe-troh-ditej-povernuly-na-pidkontrolnu-ukrayini-terytoriyu/

During the day, the Russians attacked 140 settlements of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/protyagom-doby-rosiyany-atakuvaly-140-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny/

A house damaged as result of Russian missile strike with S-300 missile at Schevchenkivsky district of Kharkiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-a-house-damaged-as-result-of-russian-missile-strike

I am grateful to the defenders who voluntarily stood up for the defense of the state - Rustem Umerov congratulated Ukrainians on Volunteer Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/vdyachnyj-zahysnykam-yaki-dobrovilno-staly-na-zahyst-derzhavy-rustem-umyerov-pryvitav-ukrayincziv-z-dnem-dobrovolczya/

The Foreign Ministry called on foreign states not to send observers to Pseudin's pseudoranders on Tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/u-mzs-zaklykaly-inozemni-derzhavy-ne-nadsylaty-sposterigachiv-na-psevdovybory-putina-na-tot/

Ukrainian air defense shot down 22 of 36 drones overnight
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-ukrainian-air-defense-shot-down-22-of-36-drones

1 person wounded as result of shelling in Grayvoron
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-1-person-wounded-as-result-of-shelling-in-grayvoron

The Defense Ministry delegation held a meeting in Romania to prevent corruption
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/delegacziya-minoborony-provela-zustrichi-u-rumuniyi-shhodo-zapobigannya-korupcziyi/

Damage to civilian infrastructure in Velykyi Burluk and Lozova of Kharkiv region as result of drone strikes
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-damage-to-civilian-infrastructure-in-velykyi-burluk

Lithuanian President: Hitler was little Czechoslovakia, so Putin will not be satisfied with Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/prezydent-lytvy-gitleru-bulo-malo-chehoslovachchyny-tak-samo-i-putin-ne-zadovolnytsya-ukrayinoyu/

The Ukrainian Parliament urged the world to strengthen sanctions against Russia against the backdrop of the "elections" of the President of the Russian Federation on Tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/ukrayinskyj-parlament-zaklykav-svit-posylyty-sankcziyi-proty-rf-na-tli-vyboriv-prezydenta-rf-na-tot/

Clashes reported at the border in Glotovo, Spodaryushino, Zarechye-Pervoye of Belgorod region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-clashes-reported-at-the-border-in-glotovo-spodaryushino

Finland and Poland discussed further support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/finlyandiya-ta-polshha-obgovoryly-podalshu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/

In Sumy region, the villagers "cut off" by hostile blows were evacuated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/na-sumshhyni-evakuyuvaly-zhyteliv-sela-vidrizanogo-vorozhymy-udaramy/

Degradation and recognition: reaction to the announcement of the Russian Federation of war of military intelligence of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/degradacziya-ta-vyznannya-reakcziya-na-ogoloshennya-rf-vijny-voyennij-rozvidczi-ukrayiny/

The Ministry of Defense showed how medical cars were equipped to evacuate wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/u-minoborony-pokazaly-yak-oblashtovani-medychni-vagony-dlya-evakuacziyi-poranenyh/

The Czech Foreign Minister discussed with the UN Secretary General Return of Ukrainian Children Cathedral Home
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/glava-mzs-chehiyi-obgovoryv-z-gensekom-oon-povernennya-vykradenyh-rosiyeyu-ukrayinskyh-ditej-dodomu/

Ukrainian Volunteer Day - 10 years of indomitable
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/den-ukrayinskogo-dobrovolczya-10-rokiv-nezlamnosti-v-armiyainform-vidbulas-zustrich-voyiniv-zsu/

Veterans prosthetics: Ukraine announced the creation of a new center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/protezuvannya-dlya-veteraniv-v-ukrayini-anonsuvaly-stvorennya-novogo-czentru/

In the Lviv region a very careful evasant sat under house arrest for bribery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/na-lvivshhyni-duzhe-oberezhnyj-uhylyant-siv-pid-domashnij-aresht-za-pidkup/

Russian aviation conducted missile strikes at radio and TV infrastructure in Sumy region in Sumy, Shostka, Bilopilya and Tros...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-russian-aviation-conducted-missile-strikes-at-radio

In Dnipropetrovsk, a Russian spy was sentenced to HIMARS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/na-dnipropetrovshhyni-zasudyly-rosijskogo-shpyguna-za-himars/

Explosion was reported in central Belgorod, smoke rising
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-explosion-was-reported-in-central-belgorod-smoke

Education: Ukrainians paid UAH 4 billion for repair of damaged housing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/yevidnovlennya-ukrayinczyam-vyplatyly-4-mlrd-grn-na-remont-poshkodzhenogo-zhytla/

Defended the families of the defenders by UAH 3.6 million: in Odessa the attacker was suspected of fraud
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/oshukav-rodyny-zahysnykiv-na-36-mln-grn-v-odesi-zlovmysnyku-ogolosyly-pidozru-v-shahrajstvi/

Volodymyr Zelensky discussed with German Chancellor Defense cooperation and presented the priority needs of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/volodymyr-zelenskyj-obgovoryv-z-kanczlerom-nimechchyny-oboronnu-spivpraczyu-ta-peredav-priorytetni-potreby-zsu/

"Administration of burning district!" - GUR interception about the situation in the Belgorod region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/administracziya-gorit-rajonnaya-perehoplennya-gur-pro-sytuacziyu-na-bilgorodshhyni/

2 person killed as result of shelling in Belgorod
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-2-person-killed-as-result-of-shelling-in-belgorod

Battles 47 brigade near Avdiivka, Belgorod under fire, captives of Russians: Star from the frontier city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/boyi-47-brygady-bilya-avdiyivky-byelgorod-pid-obstrilom-poloneni-rosiyany-strim-iz-pryfrontovogo-mista/

Explosions were reported in Skadovsk
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-explosions-were-reported-in-skadovsk

Germany handed Ukraine underwater drone for demining
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/nimechchyna-peredala-ukrayini-pidvodnyj-dron-dlya-rozminuvannya/

Military Russian Federation has launched DPRK missiles about 50 times in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/vijskovi-rf-blyzko-50-raziv-zapustyly-po-ukrayini-rakety-vyrobnycztva-kndr/

On the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer, the President presented awards to the heroes of Ukraine and the families of the dead
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/u-den-ukrayinskogo-dobrovolczya-prezydent-vruchyv-nagorody-geroyam-ukrayiny-ta-rodynam-zagyblyh/

After the Russian oil dewdgery in Kharkiv, the level of pollution of rivers exceeded the norm by 820 times - Oleg Synigubov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/pislya-rujnuvannya-rosiyanamy-naftobazy-v-harkovi-riven-zabrudnenosti-richok-perevyshhuvav-normu-v-820-raziv-oleg-synyegubov/

In Kharkiv, the forces of defense burned a hostile excavator
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/na-harkivshhyni-syly-oborony-spalyly-vorozhyj-ekskavator/

The Ministry of Defense and General Staff of the Armed Forces began a new stage of reform of the defense management system
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/minoborony-i-genshtab-zsu-rozpochaly-novyj-etap-reformy-systemy-oboronnogo-menedzhmentu/

Explosion reported in Kharkiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-explosion-reported-in-kharkiv

We create a new and maximum effective military medicine system - Natalia Kalmykova
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/my-stvoryuyemo-novu-i-maksymalno-diyevu-systemu-vijskovoyi-medyczyny-nataliya-kalmykova/

The Tyle State Operator has begun the process of creating a supervisory board
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/derzhavnyj-operator-tylu-rozpochav-proczes-stvorennya-naglyadovoyi-rady/

5 person wounded as result of Russian shelling in Nikopol
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-5-person-wounded-as-result-of-russian-shelling-in

The General Staff of the Armed Forces: The enemy is most attacked in the Avdeev and Novopavlovsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/genshtab-zsu-vorog-najbilshe-atakuye-na-avdiyivskomu-ta-novopavlivskomu-napryamkah/

"Ukraine is not running out of courage," says NATO chief Stoltenberg, emphasizing the shortage rather of ammunition and other...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-ukraine-is-not-running-out-of-courage-says-nato

Sweden will buy ammunition for Ukraine for 30 million euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/shvecziya-dlya-ukrayiny-kupyt-boyeprypasy-na-30-mln-yevro/

Rustem Umerov: We clearly understand the situation at the front and are ready to make decisions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/rustem-umyerov-my-chitko-rozumiyemo-sytuacziyu-na-fronti-ta-gotovi-uhvalyuvaty-rishennya/

In Zhytomyr region, 2.5 times increased the traitor's term
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/na-zhytomyrshhyni-u-25-razy-zbilshyly-strok-zradnyku/

Explosions were reported in Sumy
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-explosions-were-reported-in-sumy-

German weapon manufacturer Rheinmetall plans to build 4 factories in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/nimeczkyj-vyrobnyk-zbroyi-rheinmetall-planuye-pobuduvaty-v-ukrayini-4-zavody/

Explosions were reported in Kharkiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-explosions-were-reported-in-kharkiv-

An An-12 military transport plane made an emergency landing in Borisoglebsk, local media reports. Cause: malfunction of the l...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-an-an12-military-transport-plane-made-an-emergency

During the Large War, Ukraine managed to release only 160 civilian prisoners of war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/za-chas-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-vijny-ukrayini-vdalosya-zvilnyty-lyshe-160-czyvilnyh-vijskovopolonenyh/

Ukraine has started negotiating with Latvia on the conclusion of a bilateral security agreement
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/ukrayina-rozpochala-peregovory-z-latviyeyu-shhodo-ukladennya-dvostoronnoyi-bezpekovoyi-ugody/

Bulgaria sent a hundred armored personnel carriers to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/bolgariya-vidpravyla-ukrayini-sotnyu-bronetransporteriv/

Death toll of Russian drone strike in Sumy yesterday rises to 3
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-death-toll-of-russian-drone-strike-in-sumy-yesterday

Crossing the Gur Z Bilgorodshchini: “Everything, there is no one. We were left here again "
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/perehoplennya-gur-z-bilgorodshhyny-vsyem-poj-vso-nikogo-nyetu-my-opyat-ostalis-odni/

President: "Every day we are accumulating more and more of such the right strength, a long -range force"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/prezydent-dyakuyu-za-ukrayinski-snaryady-garmaty-za-drony-za-nashi-rakety-za-nashi-systemy-reb/

Shelling reported in Kherson
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-shelling-reported-in-kherson

President of Ukraine Zelensky had a telephone conversation with the Federal Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-president-of-ukraine-zelensky-had-a-telephone-conversation

March 15. This day in history
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/15/15-bereznya-czej-den-v-istoriyi-5/

Air defense is active against drones in Odesa region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-air-defense-is-active-against-drones-in-odesa-region

Emmanuel Macron: "What we thought was unthinkable is happening: the war is on European soil"
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-emmanuel-macron-what-we-thought-was-unthinkable

Emmanuel Macron: "Peace is not the capitulation of Ukraine"
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-emmanuel-macron-peace-is-not-the-capitulation-of

Sending troops to Ukraine: Macron "takes responsibility" but affirms that France will "not carry out an offensive"
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-sending-troops-to-ukraine-macron-takes-responsibility

War in Ukraine: "If Russia were to win, we would no longer have security in Europe", assures Emmanuel Macron
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-war-in-ukraine-if-russia-were-to-win-we-would-no

Emmanuel Macron: Putin "made the choice to make the Russian Federation a destabilizing power"
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-emmanuel-macron-putin-made-the-choice-to-make-the

"To decide today to be weak – is already to be in defeat," says Emmanuel Macron
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-to-decide-today-to-be-weak--is-already-to-be-in

Macron recognizes that "we do not have a defense industry adapted to a high-intensity territorial war"
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-macron-recognizes-that-we-do-not-have-a-defense

"If Russia wins this war, Europe's credibility will be reduced to zero," says Emmanuel Macron on the subject of Ukraine
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-if-russia-wins-this-war-europes-credibility-will

"If Russia continues its escalation, we will be ready" assures @EmmanuelMacron
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-if-russia-continues-its-escalation-we-will-be-ready

Emmanuel Macron: "We are not in a novel or a series. As we speak, there are men and women dying in Ukraine under the responsi...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-emmanuel-macron-we-are-not-in-a-novel-or-a-series

Emmanuel Macron: "There is only one part responsible for the situation we are in: it is the Kremlin regime"
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-emmanuel-macron-there-is-only-one-part-responsible

Emmanuel Macron judges that "the security of Europe and the French is at stake" in Ukraine
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-emmanuel-macron-judges-that-the-security-of-europe

"We will produce nearly 75 CAESAR cannons, they will all go to the Ukrainian front," announces Emmanuel Macron
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-we-will-produce-nearly-75-caesar-cannons-they-will

"Our responsibility is to be strong for peace. Our responsibility is to maintain this European unity": Emmanuel Macron speaks...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-our-responsibility-is-to-be-strong-for-peace-our

Air defense is active in Khmelnitsky region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-air-defense-is-active-in-khmelnitsky-region

Ukrainian military had 68 combat engagements with Russian forces near Terny, Yampolivka, Rozdolivka of Donetsk region and Bil...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-ukrainian-military-had-68-combat-engagements-with

1 person killed, 4 wounded as result of drones attack in Vinnytsia region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/14-march-1-person-killed-4-wounded-as-result-of-drones-attack