2024-03-27
Ukraine-Russia War News
Ukraine-Russia War News
==========
https://urwar2024.github.io/
https://ciangcing14.github.io/
==========
March 26. This day in history
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/26-bereznya-czej-den-v-istoriyi-5/

Putin claims that the same people are behind islamic radicals from Crocus mall, who fighting Russian since 2014 with Ukrainia...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-putin-claims-that-the-same-people-are-behind-islamic

The terrorist attack at Crocus fits quite logically into the intimidation campaigns carried out by Kyiv, - Putin claims
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-the-terrorist-attack-at-crocus-fits-quite-logically

Putin: it is necessary to answer the question of why the militants tried to leave for Ukraine after committing a crime in Cro...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-putin-it-is-necessary-to-answer-the-question-of

Explosion was reported in Dnipro
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-explosion-was-reported-in-dnipro

JSC Novopavlovka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Paraskovivka, Konstantinovka of Donetsk Region. ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-at-novopavlivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-krasnohorivka

At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Bilohorivka of Luhansk region, Terny, Yampolivka and Spirne of Donetsk region, - Gene...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-at-lyman-direction-russian-army-shelled-bilohorivka

At Kherson direction Russian army shelled Solonchaky, Ivanivka, Tyahynka of Kherson region, - General Staff of Armed Forces o...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-at-kherson-direction-russian-army-shelled-solonchaky

Av Avdeevka Directive Russian Army Sheled Novobakhmutivka, Semenivka, Umansk, Nevelsk of Donetsk Region. Russians Aviation ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-at-avdiyivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-novobakhmutivka

AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Shelled Sinkivka, Ivanovka, Stepova Novoselevka of the Harkiv region. Russians Aviation Street ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-at-kupiansk-direction-russian-army-shelled-synkivka

JSC Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Bogdanivka, Kalynivka, Kisschivivka Andhi of the Ti Yar of Donetsk Region. Rusian Avate ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-at-bakhmut-direction-russian-army-shelled-bohdanivka

Ukrainian military had 45 combat engagements with Russian forces near Bilohorivka of Luhansk region, Terny, Yampolivka, Rozdo...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-ukrainian-military-had-45-combat-engagements-with

Residents of Kursk report loud explosions in the city: air defense systems repel an attack by drones.
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-residents-of-kursk-report-loud-explosions-in-the

Explosions were reported in Kurakhove of Donetsk region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/25-march-explosions-were-reported-in-kurakhove-of-donetsk

That can prevent the Third World War: the expert's opinion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/shho-mozhe-unemozhlyvyty-tretyu-svitovu-vijnu-dumka-eksperta/

Per day - over half a hundred hollows, the enemy attacks in six directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/za-dobu-ponad-piv-sotni-boyezitknen-protyvnyk-atakuye-na-shesty-napryamkah/

Ukrainian warriors have struck the occupants and disposed of many enemy equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/ukrayinski-voyiny-zavdaly-potuzhnyh-udariv-po-okupantah-ta-utylizuvaly-chymalo-vorozhoyi-tehniky/

Lithuanian President has appointed a new Minister of Defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/prezydent-lytvy-pryznachyv-novogo-ministra-oborony/

Air Force knocked down all 12 "Shahmed" that Russia attacked Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/povitryani-syly-zbyly-usi-12-shahediv-yakymy-rosiya-atakuvala-ukrayinu/

In the evening, the aggressor hit the drone-Kamikadze on Nikopol
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/vvecheri-agresor-vdaryv-dronom-kamikadze-po-nikopolyu/

Another minus 770 invaders: Russia's losses have already exceeded 438 thousand
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/shhe-minus-770-okupantiv-vtraty-rosiyi-vzhe-perevyshhyly-438-tysyach/

The enemy again applies managed aircraft in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/vorog-znovu-zastosovuye-kerovani-aviabomby-na-hersonshhyni/

Ukrainian National Guards thwarted the plans of the Russian landing on the aerodrome in Gostomel - Alexander Syrsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/golovnokomanduvach-zsu-general-lejtenant-oleksandr-syrskyj-pryvitav-ves-osobovyj-sklad-ta-veteraniv-z-dnem-naczionalnoyi-gvardiyi-ukrayiny/

Russia did not bring any ship in the Black and Azov Seas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/rosiya-ne-vyvela-na-bojove-cherguvannya-zhodnogo-korablya-u-chornomu-ta-azovskomu-moryah/

Iceland joins the Czech initiative to purchase shells for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/islandiya-pryyednuyetsya-do-inicziatyvy-chehiyi-po-zakupivli-snaryadiv-dlya-ukrayiny/

In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-27/

The Navy of the Armed Forces told about the lesions of the "Neptune" captured by the Russians of the Konstantin Olshansky ship
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/u-vms-zsu-rozpovily-pro-urazhennya-neptunom-zahoplenogo-rosiyanamy-korablya-kostyantyn-olshanskyj/

Kharkiv region under shelling: 15 settlements have suffered artillery and mortar attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/harkivshhyna-pid-obstrilamy-15-naselenyh-punktiv-zaznaly-artylerijskyh-ta-minometnyh-atak/

The defense forces reported the time of the Russian Zircona's torture to Ukrainian cities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/u-sylah-oborony-povidomyly-chas-dolotu-rosijskyh-czyrkoniv-do-ukrayinskyh-mist/

This is a time of unchanged dedication to Ukraine-President congratulated the defenders on the 10th anniversary of the National Guard
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/cze-chas-nezminnoyi-viddanosti-ukrayini-prezydent-pryvitav-oboroncziv-z-10-richchyam-stvorennya-naczionalnoyi-gvardiyi/

During the day the enemy attacked 111 settlements of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/za-dobu-vorog-atakuvav-111-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny/

Explosions were reported in Kostiantynivka
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-explosions-were-reported-in-kostiantynivka

GUR Special Forces conducted large -scale tactical training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/speczpryznachenczi-gur-provely-masshtabni-taktychni-navchannya/

The Navy of the Armed Forces confirmed a successful lesion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/u-vms-zsu-pidtverdyly-uspishne-urazhennya-desantnogo-korablya-kostyantyn-olshanskyj-ta-rosijskogo-rozvidkorablya-ivan-hurs/

More than 200 explosions occurred at the Sumy and Chernihiv border and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/na-prykordonni-sumshhyny-ta-chernigivshhyny-prolunalo-ponad-200-vybuhiv/

NATO is considering the ability to knock Russian missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/u-nato-rozglyadayut-mozhlyvist-zbyvaty-rosijski-rakety/

The head of Ova showed the horrific consequences of shelling of Kherson region by Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/ochilnyk-ova-pokazav-zhahlyvi-naslidky-obstrilu-kabamy-hersonshhyny/

The SBU Chairman responded to the Russian court's decision on his arrest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/golova-sbu-vidreaguvav-na-rishennya-rosijskogo-sudu-pro-jogo-aresht/

Ukrainians have earned 94 million hryvnias for purchased through military bonds
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/ukrayinczi-zarobyly-94-mln-gryven-na-kuplenyh-cherez-diyu-vijskovyh-obligacziyah/

FSB saboteurs were detained while trying to blow up the railway
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/dyversantiv-fsb-zatrymaly-pry-sprobi-pidirvaty-zaliznyczyu/

During the Great War, air defense has shot over 2000 winged and ballistic missiles of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/za-chas-velykoyi-vijny-ppo-zbyla-ponad-2000-krylatyh-i-balistychnyh-raket-rosiyi/

The chairman of the Estonia Parliament Commission arrived in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/do-kyyeva-prybuv-golova-komisiyi-parlamentu-estoniyi/

The President of Ukraine awarded military counterintelligence with the honors for courage and bravery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/prezydent-ukrayiny-nagorodyv-vijskovyh-kontrrozvidnykiv-vidznakoyu-za-muzhnist-ta-vidvagu/

A sambo tournament was held in Kiev in honor of Officer Gur Nazar Borovytsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/u-kyyevi-vidbuvsya-turnir-iz-sambo-imeni-oficzera-gur-nazara-borovyczkogo/

Odessa was detained a deale
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/na-odeshhyni-zatrymaly-dilka-yakyj-malyuvav-falshyvi-dovidky-uhylyantam/

Prime Minister of Ukraine commented on receiving $ 880 million from the IMF
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/premyer-ukrayiny-prokomentuvav-otrymannya-880-mln-dolariv-vid-mvf/

Prior to the end of the campaign from the Declaration for 2023, a few days left
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/do-zakinchennya-kampaniyi-z-deklaruvannya-za-2023-rik-zalyshylosya-kilka-dniv/

A new rehabilitation center for wounded military was launched in Dnipro
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/u-dnipri-zapraczyuvav-novyj-reabilitaczijnyj-czentr-dlya-poranenyh-vijskovyh/

Volodymyr Zelensky celebrated 19 servicemen state awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-19-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/

The state -owned rear operator has concluded water supply contracts for the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/derzhavnyj-operator-tylu-uklav-dogovory-na-postachannya-vody-dlya-zsu/

The head of the VLK in Kiev was exposed for sale in fictional diseases
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/golovu-vlk-u-kyyevi-vykryly-u-prodazhi-dovidok-z-vygadanymy-hvorobamy/

What rehab services are provided free of charge to veterans and veterans: clarification
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/yaki-poslugy-reabilitacziyi-bezkoshtovno-nadayutsya-veteranam-ta-veterankam-rozyasnennya/

As a result of the night shelling of Novogrodivka, a woman was killed in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/vnaslidok-nichnogo-obstrilu-novogrodivky-na-donechchyni-zagynula-zhinka/

Ukrainian air defense shot down 12 of 12 Shahed drones overnight
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-ukrainian-air-defense-shot-down-12-of-12-shahed

The invaders dumped out of the drone of explosives on a resident of Beryslav
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/okupanty-skynuly-z-drona-vybuhivku-na-meshkanczya-beryslava/

The consequences of rocket stroke on Odessa: 10 victims, damaged the Sports Palace and 300 apartments
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/naslidky-raketnogo-udaru-po-odesi-10-postrazhdalyh-poshkodzheno-palacz-sportu-i-300-kvartyr/

Up to 12 years convicted of a military Russian who held a family with two young children in a cellar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/do-12-rokiv-zasudzheno-vijskovogo-rf-yakyj-trymav-u-pogrebi-simyu-z-dvoma-malolitnimy-ditmy/

Aviation of the Russian Federation struck the amount
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/aviacziya-rf-zavdala-udaru-po-sumah/

In the Kherson region, the Russians hit the FPV-Drones by humanitarian bus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/na-hersonshhyni-rosiyany-vdaryly-fpv-dronamy-po-avtobusu-z-gumanitarnoyu-dopomogoyu/

In the south the enemy applied 270 FPV-roms against civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/na-pivdni-vorog-zastosuvav-270-fpv-droniv-proty-myrnogo-naselennya/

Denis Shmigal: Ukraine has already provided its proposals for confiscation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/denys-shmygal-ukrayina-vzhe-nadala-svoyi-propozycziyi-shhodo-konfiskacziyi/

In Kiev, another 626 mobilized received a one -time payment of 30 000 UAH
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/u-kyyevi-shhe-626-mobilizovanyh-otrymaly-odnorazovu-vyplatu-v-rozmiri-30-000-grn/

More than 10,000 civilian hostages are in Russian captivity - the Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/u-rosijskomu-poloni-perebuvayut-ponad-10-tysyach-czyvilnyh-zaruchnykiv-genprokuror/

russia attacked Beryslav with drones again: there are casualties
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/rosiya-znovu-atakuvala-beryslav-dronamy-ye-postrazhdali/

President: Ukraine will always be grateful to the National Guard soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/prezydent-ukrayina-zavzhdy-bude-vdyachna-voyinam-naczionalnoyi-gvardiyi/

Zircon missiles: what about them is known and how much they are "unique"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/rakety-czyrkon-shho-pro-nyh-vidomo-i-na-skilky-vony-unikalni/

The Air Force named the weapons necessary to strengthen Ukraine's air defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/u-povitryanyh-sylah-nazvaly-neobhidne-dlya-posylennya-ppo-ukrayiny-ozbroyennya/

In the Orikhiv and Kherson directions of the Armed Forces, 37 weapons and 125 invaders were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/na-orihivskomu-ta-hersonskomu-napryamkah-zsu-znyshhyly-37-odynycz-ozbroyennya-ta-125-okupantiv/

Recruitment to the Armed Forces of your own choice: where to look for vacancies
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/rekrutyng-do-zsu-za-vlasnym-vyborom-de-shukaty-vakansiyi/

The occupiers have hit Kharkiv anti-ship missile X-35U today
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/okupanty-sogodni-vdaryly-po-harkovu-protykorabelnoyu-raketoyu-h-35u/

In Transcarpathia stopped two groups of evidence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/na-zakarpatti-zupynyly-dvi-grupy-uhylyantiv/

Defense forces destroyed the BUK SHR in the Zaporozhye direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-zrk-buk-na-zaporizkomu-napryamku/

The Ministry of Defense has created a department of planning of the rear support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/u-minoborony-stvoryly-departament-planuvannya-tylovogo-zabezpechennya/

The President has appointed a new NSDB secretary
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/prezydent-pryznachyv-novogo-sekretarya-rnbo/

Volodymyr Zelenskyy changed the head of the Foreign Intelligence Service of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zminyv-kerivnyka-sluzhby-zovnishnoyi-rozvidky-ukrayiny/

Ukranian Navy claims apart of Yamal and Azov landing ships Intelligence ship Ivan Khurs and large landing ship Kostyantin Ols...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-ukranian-navy-claims-apart-of-yamal-and-azov-landing

In the Dnieper region, the theft of UAH 3.7 million was exposed to the repair of the dining room for the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/na-dniprovshhyni-vykryly-rozkradannya-37-mln-grn-na-remonti-yidalni-dlya-vijskovyh/

In Zhytomyr region, additional fortifications are being built to protect the border
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/na-zhytomyrshhyni-buduyut-dodatkovi-fortyfikacziyi-dlya-zahystu-kordonu/

In defense forces told about Spartan's unique opportunity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/u-sylah-oborony-rozpovily-pro-unikalnu-mozhlyvist-spartan/

In the Dnipropetrovsk region, the enemy rocket X-59 was knocked out
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/u-dnipropetrovskij-oblasti-zbyly-vorozhu-raketu-h-59/

Twelve years of prisons received a collaborator from Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/dvanadczyat-rokiv-otrymav-kolaborant-z-harkivshhyny/

Odessa snorted from Odessa in the river with frostbite
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/uhylyanta-z-odesy-vylovyly-v-richczi-z-obmorozhennyamy/

Destruction of the Droshchiers of Russian, bombing of thorns, SBU against FSB agents: Star from the frontier city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/znyshhennya-dronshhykiv-rusni-bombarduvannya-terniv-sbu-proty-agentiv-fsb-strim-iz-pryfrontovogo-mista/

Russian army conducted missile strike with S-300 missile at Schevchenkivsky district of Kharkiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-russian-army-conducted-missile-strike-with-s300

Denis Shmigal discussed with the speaker of the Estonia Parliament, Russia's holding accountable
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/denys-shmygal-obgovoryv-zi-spikerom-parlamentu-estoniyi-prytyagnennya-rosiyi-do-vidpovidalnosti/

Dmitry Klimenkov: Fighting economic crimes in the defense sphere is a matter of national security
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/dmytro-klimenkov-borotba-z-ekonomichnymy-zlochynamy-v-oboronnij-sferi-cze-pytannya-naczionalnoyi-bezpeky-derzhavy/

Defense forces destroyed three shelters and armored vehicles of an enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-try-ukryttya-i-bronetehniku-voroga/

The Government has appointed two Deputy Minister of Veterans Affairs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/uryad-pryznachyv-dvoh-zastupnykiv-ministra-u-spravah-veteraniv/

Explosion was reported in Sumy
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-explosion-was-reported-in-sumy

The invaders dropped the Kab-1500 on a high-rise building in Krasnogorivka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/okupanty-skynuly-kab-1500-na-bagatopoverhivku-u-krasnogorivczi/

General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine: In three directions, the enemy applies aviation to support assault actions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/genshtab-zs-ukrayiny-na-troh-napryamkah-vorog-zastosovuye-aviacziyu-dlya-pidtrymky-shturmovyh-dij/

In Mariupol, the occupiers destroyed the historical monument of the Grandfather mound
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/v-mariupoli-okupanty-znyshhyly-istorychnu-pamyatku-kurgan-did/

President explained the change of heads of the National Security and Defense Council and the Foreign Intelligence Service
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/prezydent-poyasnyv-zminu-kerivnykiv-rnbo-ta-sluzhby-zovnishnoyi-rozvidky/

Destruction in Novohrodivka town of Donetsk region as result of Russian bombardment
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-destruction-in-novohrodivka-town-of-donetsk-region

FSB Director Bortnikov claims Ukrainian security services have assisted Islamic radicals in their attack at Crocus city hall
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-fsb-director-bortnikov-claims-ukrainian-security

In Kiev found and removed the fragment of a rocket
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/u-kyyevi-vyyavyly-i-vyvezly-ulamok-rakety/

Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the National Guard brigades for effective actions at the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidznachyv-brygady-naczgvardiyi-za-efektyvni-diyi-na-fronti/

Coalition of armored vehicles in support of Ukraine started work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/koalicziya-bronetehniky-na-pidtrymku-ukrayiny-rozpochala-robotu/

"Why is he still alive? - Everything is ahead", "The head of the Main Intelligence Directorate of the Ukrainian Defense Minis...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-why-is-he-still-alive--everything-is-ahead-the

The Czech Republic plans to almost double the number of shells for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/chehiya-planuye-majzhe-podvoyity-kilkist-snaryadiv-dlya-ukrayiny/

Norwegian instructors teach in Britain warriors of the Armed Forces to conduct trench battles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/norvezki-instruktory-navchayut-u-brytaniyi-voyiniv-zsu-vesty-transhejni-boyi/

President met with the Estonia Parliament delegation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/prezydent-zustrivsya-z-delegacziyeyu-parlamentu-estoniyi/

The General Staff showed hunting in the hostile infantry in Ivanovo
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/gentshtab-pokazav-polyuvannya-v-vorozhu-pihotu-v-ivanivskomu/

Ukraine and Sweden are preparing to start negotiations on a security agreement
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/ukrayina-ta-shvecziya-gotuyutsya-pochaty-peregovory-shhodo-bezpekovoyi-ugody/

French Armed Forces Minister Lecornu says that France aims to produce 100,000 complete 155mm shells this year, 80,000 of whic...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-french-armed-forces-minister-lecornu-says-that-france

Danilov was dismissed from the position of secretary of the National Security Council. Oleksandr Lytvynenko, the head of the ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-danilov-was-dismissed-from-the-position-of-secretary

Refugees from Sumy region will pay UN
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/bizhenczyam-z-sumshhyny-bude-platyty-oon/

Fire in Buddenovsky district of Donetsk
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-fire-in-buddenovsky-district-of-donetsk

Ukrainian hospitals will receive 73 powerful generators from the World Bank
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/26/ukrayinski-likarni-otrymayut-73-potuzhnyh-generatory-vid-svitovogo-banku/

Air defense was active against Kh-59 missile in Kryvyi Rih
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-air-defense-was-active-against-kh59-missile-in-kryvyi

Russian aviation launching guided bombs towards Kharkiv
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-russian-aviation-launching-guided-bombs-towards

Russian air defense shot down 2 drones over Belgorod region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-russian-air-defense-shot-down-2-drones-over-belgorod

Ukrainian military had 50 combat engagements with Russian forces near Bilohorivka of Luhansk region, Terny, Yampolivka, and n...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-ukrainian-military-had-50-combat-engagements-with

JSC Novopavlovka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Paraskovivka, Konstantinovka of Donetsk Region. ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-novopavlivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-krasnohorivka

At Kherson direction Russian army shelled Solonchaky, Ivanivka and Tyahynka of Kherson region, - General Staff of Armed Force...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-kherson-direction-russian-army-shelled-solonchaky

At Bakhmut direction Russian army shelled Bohdanivka, Kalynivka, Klischiyivka of Donetsk region. Russian aviation conducted a...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-bakhmut-direction-russian-army-shelled-bohdanivka

At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Bilohorivka of Luhansk region, Terny¸ Yampolivka and Spirne of Donetsk region, - Gene...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-lyman-direction-russian-army-shelled-bilohorivka

At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Synkivka, Stepova Novoselivka, Kotlyarivka of Kharkiv region. Russian aviation con...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-kupiansk-direction-russian-army-shelled-synkivka

At Orikhiv direction Russian army shelled Chervone, Bilohirya, Scherbaky and Pyatykhatky of Zaporizhzhia region. Russian avia...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-orikhiv-direction-russian-army-shelled-chervone

JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina Directions Rusyan Army Shelled Popivka, Iskskivschyna, Bilopillya, Great Pisarivka of ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/26-march-at-sivershchyna-and-slobozhanschyna-directions-russian