2024-03-14
Ukraine-Russia War News
Ukraine-Russia War News
==========
https://urwar2024.github.io/
https://ciangcing14.github.io/
==========
March 13. This day in history
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/13-bereznya-czej-den-v-istoriyi-5/

Russian missile hit agricultural enterprise in Synelnykove district
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/12-march-russian-missile-hit-agricultural-enterprise-in-synelnykove

Russian Kh-59 missile reportedly hit residential house in Kryvyi Rih, the house caught fire
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/12-march-russian-kh59-missile-reportedly-hit-residential

At least 2 killed as result of attack in Kryvyi Rih
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/12-march-at-least-2-killed-as-result-of-attack-in-kryvyy

Over 30 wounded in Russian strikes in Kryvyi Rih
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/12-march-over-30-wounded-in-russian--strikes-in-kryvyi-rih

US announces first new aid package to Ukraine in months, worth $300 million, saying new funding comes from savings in weapons...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/12-march-us-announces-first-new-aid-package-to-ukraine-in

2 person killed as result of Russian missile strike in Kryvyi Rih
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/12-march-2-person-killed-as-result-of-russian-missile-strike

At Kherson direction Russian army shelled Kherson city and Khreschenivka, Dudchany, Beryslav, Stanislav of Kherson region, - ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/12-march-at-kherson-direction-russian-army-shelled-kherson

Explosions were reported in Kherson
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/12-march-explosions-were-reported-in-kherson-9870

Explosions audible and air defense is active in Rostov region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/12-march-explosions-audible-and-air-defense-is-active-in

Search and rescue operation after Russian missile strike in Kryvyi Rih is over, final death toll: 3 person killed, about 40 w...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/12-march-search-and-rescue-operation-after-russian-missile

Nickname "Coyote": The expert told about one of the world's first UAVs of industrial production
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/na-prizvysko-kojot-ekspert-rozpoviv-pro-odyn-z-pershyh-u-sviti-bpla-vynyshhuvachiv-promyslovogo-vyrobnycztva/

“Eosel”: What has changed in order of receiving a preferential loan for the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/yeoselya-shho-zminylos-u-poryadku-otrymannya-pilgovogo-kredytu-dlya-vijskovyh/

On the front - more than 90 combatants, most attacks are reflected in the Avdiiv and Novopavlovsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/na-fronti-ponad-90-boyezitknen-najbilshe-atak-vidbyto-na-avdiyivskomu-ta-novopavlivskomu-napryamkah/

The occupiers fired 11 settlements in Zaporozhye: there are wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/okupanty-obstrilyaly-11-naselenyh-punktiv-na-zaporizhzhi-ye-poraneni/

Missile troops have led by ammunition and enemy air defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/raketni-vijska-zavdaly-urazhennya-po-skladu-boyeprypasiv-ta-zasobah-ppo-protyvnyka/

Explosions were reported in Sumy
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/12-march-explosions-were-reported-in-sumy

The number of victims of the rocket attack of the Russian Federation on Kryvyi Rih increased
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/kilkist-zhertv-raketnoyi-ataky-rf-po-kryvomu-rogu-zrosla/

Enemy loss: nearly 1,000 invaders were eliminated per day, 32 artisystems and 20 BBM were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-1000-okupantiv-znyshheno-32-artsystemy-i-20-bbm/

In Sumy after the Shahheda attack, 10 people were taken from the rubble, there are dead
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/u-sumah-pislya-ataky-shahediv-z-pid-zavaliv-distaly-10-osib-ye-zagybli/

Russia has taken all ships to the base points in the Black and Azov Seas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/rosiya-zavela-usi-korabli-do-punktiv-bazuvannya-u-chornomu-ta-azovskomu-moryah/

The US Ambassador responded to the Russian Federation on Kryvyi Rih: Ukraine is critical of funding now
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/posol-ssha-vidreaguvala-na-udar-rf-po-kryvomu-rogu-ukrayina-krytychno-potrebuye-finansuvannya-zaraz/

In Mirnograd from under the rubble of the house, the bodies of two dead people were taken
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/u-myrnogradi-z-pid-zavaliv-budynku-distaly-tila-dvoh-zagyblyh-osib/

Germany raised aviation to intercept the Russian military aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/nimechchyna-pidnyala-aviacziyu-dlya-perehoplennya-rosijskogo-vijskovogo-litaka/

Nearly $ 9 million on the Armed Forces and 400 pickups to defenders: 10 years of volunteering Alla Martyniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/majzhe-9-miljoniv-dolariv-na-zsu-ta-400-pikapiv-zahysnykam-10-rokiv-volonterstva-ally-martynyuk/

President on new aid from the United States: This includes Ukraine's needs for artillery, anti-tank weapons and air defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/prezydent-pro-novu-dopomogu-ssha-cze-peredbachaye-potreby-ukrayiny-v-artyleriyi-protytankovij-zbroyi-ta-ppo/

There is a moment of silence in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-20/

The government has increased the amount of state social assistance to children of dead defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/uryad-zbilshyv-rozmir-derzhavnoyi-soczialnoyi-dopomogy-dityam-zagyblyh-zahysnykiv/

The European Commission has prepared a project of negotiation framework on Ukraine's accession to the EU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/yevrokomisiya-pidgotuvala-proyekt-peregovornoyi-ramky-pro-vstup-ukrayiny-do-yes/

GUR showed how special forces destroy trucks and bugi occupants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/u-gur-pokazaly-yak-speczpryznachenczi-nyshhat-vantazhivky-ta-bagi-okupantiv/

US and Poland leaders pledged to continue Ukraine's support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/lidery-ssha-i-polshhi-na-zustrichi-zobovyazalysya-prodovzhyty-pidtrymku-ukrayinu/

russia attacked the border areas of Chernihiv and Sumy regions with various types of weapons: 435 explosions per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/rosiya-z-riznyh-vydiv-zbroyi-atakuvala-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-ta-sumshhyny-za-dobu-435-vybuhiv/

The Pentagon told which weapon entered a new package of assistance to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/u-pentagoni-rozpovily-yaka-zbroya-uvijshla-u-novyj-paket-dopomogy-ukrayini/

More than 140 settlements of Ukraine last day were under enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/ponad-140-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-mynuloyi-doby-buly-pid-vorozhymy-obstrilamy/

The President thanked the European Commission for approving the negotiating framework for Ukraine's accession to the EU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/prezydent-podyakuvav-yevrokomisiyi-za-zatverdzhennya-peregovornoyi-ramky-pro-vstup-ukrayiny-do-yes/

The Government additionally has allocated more than UAH 5 billion for the security and defense sector entities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/uryad-dodatkovo-vydilyv-ponad-5-mlrd-gryven-dlya-subyektiv-sektoru-bezpeky-i-oborony/

12 years in prison is threatened
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/12-rokiv-tyurmy-zagrozhuye-kolaborantczi-yaka-namagalas-zirvaty-kontrnastup-zsu-na-harkivshhyni/

Airbout at night in Odesa region destroyed one managed aviation missile
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/ppo-vnochi-na-odeshhyni-znyshhyla-odnu-kerovanu-aviaczijnu-raketu/

French Parliament supported security agreement with Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/parlament-francziyi-pidtrymav-ugodu-pro-bezpeku-z-ukrayinoyu/

March 14 in Kryvyi Rih declared a day of mourning for the dead
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/14-bereznya-u-kryvomu-rozi-bude-ogolosheno-den-zhaloby-za-zagyblymy/

Ministry of Defense and Deepstateua signed a memorandum of cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/minoborony-ta-deepstateua-pidpysaly-memorandum-pro-spivpraczyu/

In the CNAPs will open a "single window" for veterans and their families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/u-cznapah-vidkryyut-yedyne-vikno-dlya-veteraniv-ta-yihnih-rodyn/

A drone was shot down over Unecha district
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-a-drone-was-shot-down-over-unecha-district

Air defense, artillery and anti -tank technique: Rustem Umerov thanked the United States for the military aid package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/ppo-artyleriya-ta-protytankova-tehnika-rustem-umyerov-podyakuvav-ssha-za-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/

Presidents of Lithuania and France: It is necessary to give Ukraine the necessary support and stop the bloody Kremlin regime
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/prezydenty-lytvy-i-francziyi-na-zustrichi-treba-daty-ukrayini-neobhidnu-pidtrymku-ta-zupynyty-kryvavyj-rezhym-kremlya/

Russia continues the operation of "Perun" to destabilize the situation in Ukraine and the countries of the event - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/rosiya-prodovzhuye-operacziyu-perun-iz-destabilizacziyi-sytuacziyi-v-ukrayini-ta-krayinah-zahodu-gur/

In Cherkasy region, 4 helicopters and 2 aircraft of Crimean entrepreneurs were arrested, which funds armed aggression of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/na-cherkashhyni-areshtuvaly-4-gelikoptery-ta-2-litaky-krymskyh-pidpryyemcziv-yaki-finansuyut-zbrojnu-agresiyu-rosiyi/

"Grim-E1 hybrid rocket"-the police clarified what troops of the Russian Federation hit Mirnograd
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/gibrydna-raketa-grim-e1-u-policziyii-utochnyly-chym-vijska-rf-vdaryly-po-myrnogradu/

As Ukraine returned "Boyko's towers": the story of one (not) ordinary machine gunner
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/yak-ukrayina-povertala-vyshky-bojka-istoriya-odnogo-nezvychajnogo-kulemetnyka/

Air defense was active in Buturlinovka, Voronezh
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-air-defense-was-active-in-buturlinovka-voronezh

Alias did not help: detained Khersonka that turned hospitals into military hospitals for Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/psevdonim-ne-dopomig-zatrymano-hersonku-yaka-peretvoryuvala-likarni-na-vijskovi-shpytali-dlya-rosiyan/

Multiple drones have targeted Rosneft oil refinery in Ryazan
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-multiple-drones-have-targeted-rosneft-oil-refinery

45 units of Russian equipment destroyed in the Tavriysk direction per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/45-odynycz-rosijskoyi-tehniky-znyshheno-na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-za-dobu/

US borrowed Poland $ 2 billion and plan to sell 96 Apache helicopters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/ssha-pozychayut-polshhi-2-milyardy-ta-planuyut-prodaty-96-gelikopteriv-apache/

On the Dnieper Left Bank, our units were neutralized by more than 40 Russians and 4 observation points
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/na-livoberezhzhi-dnipra-nashi-pidrozdily-zneshkodyly-ponad-40-rosiyan-ta-4-sposterezhni-punkty/

The state of the rear operator in three months concluded 87 contracts worth UAH 12 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/derzhavnyj-operator-tylu-za-try-misyaczi-uklav-87-dogovoriv-na-sumu-12-mlrd-gryven/

Alexander Syrsky and Rustem Umerov visited the front area where there is a threat of enemy advancement
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/oleksandr-syrskyj-ta-rustem-umyerov-vidvidaly-dilyanku-frontu-de-ye-zagroza-prosuvannya-voroga/

Chatbota Yevorog turned two years old: which was most commonly reported by Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/chatbotu-yevorog-yakyj-dopomagaye-znyshhuvaty-rosijsku-tehniku-vypovnylosya-dva-roky/

The number of deaths due to rocket attack of the Russian Federation on Kryvyi Rih increased to 5
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/kilkist-zagyblyh-vnaslidok-raketnoyi-ataky-rf-po-kryvomu-rogu-zrosla-do-5/

GUR was told about the seriousness of the RDC's appeal to the inhabitants of Kurschyna and Belgorod Region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/u-gur-rozpovily-pro-serjoznist-zvernennya-rdk-do-zhyteliv-kurshhyny-i-bilgorodshhyny/

In the place of the Russian blow in Sumy found the body of a dead man
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/na-misczi-rosijskogo-udaru-u-sumah-znajshly-tilo-zagybloyi-lyudyny/

Residential house was partially destroyed as result of Shahed drones attack in Sumy
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-residential-house-was-partially-destroyed-as-result

Fire at Ryazan refinery after drones attack
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-fire-at-ryazan-refinery-after-drones-attack-

In the Tavriysk direction in the last 10 days, Rosarmia has reduced the number of air strikes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-za-ostanni-10-dniv-rosarmiya-zmenshyla-kilkist-aviaudariv/

Two executioners from Luhansk region were reported suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/dvom-katam-z-luganshhyny-povidomyly-pro-pidozru/

Destruction in Myrnohrad of Donetsk region as result of Russian bombardment
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-destruction-in-myrnohrad-of-donetsk-region-as-result

Mobilization Act: The profile committee considers about 300 edits every day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/zakon-pro-mobilizacziyu-shhodnya-profilnyj-komitet-rozglyadaye-blyzko-300-pravok/

Former Ukrainian sumo wrestler will be tried for supporting and financing the Russian army
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/kolyshnyu-ukrayinsku-sumoyistku-sudytymut-za-pidtrymku-ta-finansuvannya-armiyi-rf/

The Heads of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine and Moldova laid flowers on the wall of memory of the dead for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/glavy-mzs-ukrayiny-i-moldovy-poklaly-kvity-do-stiny-pamyati-zagyblyh-za-ukrayinu/

Russian Ministry of Defense claims 58 drones were shot down over Russia in last hours: 11 over Belgorod region, 8 over Bryans...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-russian-ministry-of-defense-claims-58-drones-were

Drone strike targeted FSB HQ in Belgorod region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-drone-strike-targeted-fsb-hq-in-belgorod-region

In Rivne region there are defensive boundaries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/na-rivnenshhyni-oblashtovuyut-oboronni-rubezhi/

Warriors of SCO work: "Sunpsyok", 2 tanks, 3 BBM and 26 occupiers now fertilizers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/praczyuyut-voyiny-sso-sonczepok-2-tanky-3-bbm-ta-26-okupantiv-teper-dobryva/

Nestor Shufrich will awaken in custody until May 11
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/nestor-shufrych-probude-pid-vartoyu-do-11-travnya/

In military intelligence, they told about the consequences of explosions at the refinery in
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/u-voyennij-rozvidczi-rozpovily-pro-naslidky-vybuhiv-na-npz-u-rosiyi/

In the Samara region, decision to strengthen the protection of oil refineries from drone attacks. In Samara region there are ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-in-the-samara-region-decision-to-strengthen-the

"It's not that you have windows and doors, it's how long are they intact?"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/delo-ne-v-tom-chto-u-vas-est-okna-y-dvery-a-v-tom-nadolgo-ly-ony-czel%d1%8b-gur-perehoplennya/

The Ministry of Defense told how to test "floating bulletproof vests" for special units of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/u-minoborony-rozpovily-yak-prohodyat-testuvannya-plavuchyh-bronezhyletiv-dlya-speczpidrozdiliv-zsu/

"Thanks to this law, I will be able to give a new life": the wife of the deceased on the preservation of reproductive cells
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/zavdyaky-czomu-zakonu-ya-zmozhu-podaruvaty-nove-zhyttya-druzhyna-zagyblogo-pro-zberezhennya-reproduktyvnyh-klityn/

Ukraine and Finland held another round of negotiations on the conclusion of a security agreement
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/ukrayina-i-finlyandiya-provely-chergovyj-raund-peregovoriv-pro-ukladennya-bezpekovoyi-ugody/

In Sumy during the analysis of the gaps of a residential five -storey building found a second body
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/u-sumah-pid-chas-rozboru-zavaliv-zhytlovoyi-pyatypoverhivky-znajshly-druge-tilo/

This is a special award: Lithuanian Foreign Minister thanked for the ban on entry into
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/cze-osoblyva-nagoroda-glava-mzs-lytvy-podyakuvav-za-zaboronu-na-vyizd-do-rosiyi/

At the border detained the evastors who bought an invisible boat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/na-kordoni-zatrymaly-uhylyantiv-yaki-kupyly-nevydymyj-choven/

In the Vovchansk Russians hit the house with aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/u-vovchansku-rosiyany-vdaryly-po-budynku-aviabomboyu-pid-zavalamy-mozhut-buty-lyudy/

Putin says foreign troops would not help Ukraine on battlefield
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-putin-says-foreign-troops-would-not-help-ukraine

In the Lviv region, two border guards who leaked information to evaders will be tried
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/na-lvivshhyni-sudytymut-dvoh-prykordonnycz-yaki-zlyvaly-informacziyu-uhylyantam/

Passengers of Ukrzaliznytsia donated UAH 2.7 million with tea for drones for the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/pasazhyry-ukrzaliznyczi-chayem-zadonatyly-27-mln-grn-na-drony-dlya-zsu/

Russian air defense shot down 2 more drones over Belgorod region
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-russian-air-defense-shot-down-2-more-drones-over

12 years in prison got a spy from Pokrovsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/12-rokiv-otrymav-shpygun-z-pokrovska/

The President awarded the Secretary of the Ministry of Defense of Estonia and Commander -in -Chief of Defense forces of Estonia with the Order of Merit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/prezydent-nagorodyv-sekretarya-minoborony-estoniyi-ta-golovnokomanduvacha-syl-oborony-estoniyi-ordenom-za-zaslugy/

Damage in Voronezh as result of drones attack
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-damage-in-voronezh-as-result-of-drones-attack

The enemy continues terror of Odesa region with point blows, launched a managed rocket
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/vorog-prodovzhuye-teror-odeshhyny-tochkovymy-udaramy-zapustyv-kerovanu-raketu/

Experts named three countries that formed an "axis of evil" in the world: ArmyInform talked about World War III
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/eksperty-nazvaly-try-krayiny-yaki-u-sviti-sformuvaly-vis-zla-v-armiyainform-govoryly-pro-tretyu-svitovu/

From now on, special documents will be required to stay in the border zone
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/vidnyni-dlya-perebuvannya-u-prykordonnij-smuzi-budut-potribni-speczialni-dokumenty/

Attack on three factories in Russia, Kursk and Belgorod are asked to be evacuated: a stream from the frontier city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/ataka-na-try-zavody-v-rosiyi-kursk-ta-byelgorod-prosyat-evakuyuvatys-strim-iz-pryfrontovogo-mista/

The Defense Procurement Agency will cooperate with the Korean automaker to provide the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/agencziya-oboronnyh-zakupivel-domovylasya-pro-spivpraczyu-z-korejskym-avtovyrobnykom-dlya-zabezpechennya-zsu/

In the Kherson region, the Special Operations Forces destroyed the enemy's equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/na-hersonshhyni-sso-znyshhyly-aparaturu-protyvnyka/

Explosions were reported in Mariupol
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-explosions-were-reported-in-mariupol

Mobile dental offices for the military will appear in the frontline areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/u-pryfrontovyh-rajonah-zyavlyatsya-mobilni-stomatologichni-kabinety-dlya-vijskovyh/

According to Rostov governor 3 drones, intercepted by electronic warfare measures, crashed at Novoshakhtynsky refinery and te...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-according-to-rostov-governor-3-drones-intercepted

Land troops showed how shamed "machine guns"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/suhoputni-vijska-pokazaly-yak-zbyvayut-shahedy-z-kulemetiv/

In a joint statement "Legion Freedom of Russia" and other Russian armed opposition forces call for civilians in Belgorod and ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-in-a-joint-statement-legion-freedom-of-russia-and

The Ministry of Defense explained in detail how the work of the VLK from the shopping center and the joint venture was organized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/u-minoborony-detalno-poyasnyly-yak-organizovana-robota-vlk-vid-tczk-ta-sp/

During the day at the front of 70 combat clashes: 14 enemy attacks were reflected in the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/za-dobu-na-fronti-70-bojovyh-zitknen-na-avdiyivskomu-napryamku-zsu-vidbyly-14-atak-protyvnyka/

Ministry of Defense about changes in the mobilization process: Ukrainians understand the need to defend the country
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/minoborony-pro-zminy-u-proczesi-mobilizacziyi-ukrayinczi-dobre-rozumiyut-neobhidnist-zahyshhaty-krayinu/

EU ambassadors have agreed on an additional 5 billion euros to assist weapons of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/posly-yes-domovylys-pro-5-mlrd-yevro-dlya-dopomogy-zbroyeyu-ukrayini/

Fire at Tyotkino as result of shelling
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-fire-at-tyotkino-as-result-of-shelling

Head of Zaporizhzhya Ova: Russians change the ethnic composition of the inhabitants of Tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/golova-zaporizkoyi-ova-rosiyany-zminyuyut-etnichnyj-sklad-meshkancziv-tot/

Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the President of Lithuania, who spoke about foreign troops in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/volodymyr-zelenskyj-podyakuvav-prezydentu-lytvy-yakyj-vyslovyvsya-shhodo-inozemnyh-vijsk-v-ukrayini/

The enemy fired the border of the Sumy region, is dead and wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/vorog-obstrilyav-prykordonnya-sumskoyi-oblasti-ye-zagyblyj-ta-poraneni/

Defense forces have shown how enemy technique is burning in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/syly-oborony-pokazaly-yak-na-hersonshhyni-goryt-vorozha-tehnika/

Destruction in Novohrodivka after bombardment
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-destruction-in-novohrodivka-after-bombardment

Gur Perekholnnya: “The cops were full of Belgorod yesterday, at the posts of 5 crews standing”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/gur-perehoplennya-mentov-vchera-polno-b%d1%8blo-s-belgoroda-na-postah-po-5-%d1%8dkypazhej-stoyt/

Consequences of the Russian attack on Kryvyi Rih: 400 apartments, schools and distances were damaged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/naslidky-rosijskoyi-ataky-na-kryvyj-rig-poshkodzheno-400-kvartyr-shkoly-ta-dystadky/

The IT army has suspended the operation of the Moscow metro
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/it-armiya-pryzupynyla-robotu-moskovskogo-metropolitenu/

The President of Ukraine celebrated 118 servicemen state awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/13/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-118-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/

Explosions reported in Belgorod, possible due to air defense work
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-explosions-reported-in-belgorod-possible-due-to

March 14. This day in history
https://armyinform.com.ua/2024/03/14/14-bereznya-czej-den-v-istoriyi-5/

JSC Novopavlovka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Paraskovivka, Ugelar of Donetsk Region. Rusia ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2024/13-march-at-novopavlivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-krasnohorivka